338333	D dimer of 278 mg/nl. Ct of lung/chest normal, echo normal, CBC normal chest X-ray normal  what could cause this level? Should i be concerned.	No Ddimer is a very non-specific test and can go up just from a virus. Make sure you follow up with your doctor.
1197536	Sore breast and light cramping for two weeks right after having unprotected sex. .Period should be getting here in four days.. Possible signs of prego?	Pregnant? It is possible that you are pregnant. If you miss your period then start doing home pregnancy tests.
1014921	Sore throat for 11 days. No fever/flu. Chest pain on both sides intermittently which increase on pressure.For last 2 days, my stool has been dark green. Plus very anxious lately due to health concerns?	Suspect pneumonia You may be developing pneumonia. Need cxr and antibiotics. See a doctor.
1050354	Would an abdominal CT scan show ulcers, gallstones or hernia? They found kidney stone on left kidney but right side hurts to, could be back, or muscle, ?	CT scan A ct scan could show gallstones and a hernia but unlikely to see an ulcer. Hope this helps.
1059262	I had a total thyroidectomy 3 months ago on 9 calcium and 3 calcitrol a day. My blood vitamin d is 20. Is this low. I am having tingling in arms, hands?	Yes 20 is low but it's not causing the tingling. The low calcium is causing it. At this time, the Calcitriol is the important pill. Make sure you don't miss it. Some people might need 0.5 mcg twice/day.
11541	Can probiotics prevent bacterial infections and sepsis?	Unclear There may be benefit by improving the health of your gut which is the largest immune organ. Indirectly this may help with infections, but there isn't enough data to be sure.
1220639	My scrotum itches very often. It burns in the tip of my penis when i pee after ejaculation. And i get a sharp pain in my testicles now and then. Std?	Maybe Get tested for std by a simple urethral swab. Consult your doctor and avoid any sex until you are clear from any std.
623637	Pregnant? Nausea, frequent urination, major breast tenderness, cramps, headache, food aversion, liquidy discharge. Implanon, st john's wort, detoxing.	Check preg test It is unusual to get pregnant on Implanon but check a pregnancy test to make sure.
258391	How to tell if I cracked a rib, or just injured a muscle in center of mid back, below shoulder blades? Pain when bending but not if stationary.	Either Both cracked rib or muscle pain hurts with movement but fine if still. No tx for cracked rib, so Motrin and muscle spasm meds , ice early, heat later and some time , 6-8 weeks.
1219493	Large red patch on top of the penis shaft, no blistering or lesions slight tender lymph node, the clinic said it looks fungal ?	Red patch It could be due a fungal infection, but see a derm and maybe a biopsy will help r/o a skin cancer or warts.
6790871	I have severe sinus pressure but no congestion or runny nose. I've done the netipot and it isn't really washing anything out. I'm in so much pain.	Sinus pain/Pressure Greetings. The first thing I recommend would be 800 mg of ibuprofen 3x/day with food. Add Afrin nasal spray 2x/day for 5 days with the OTC decongestant. This should make you feel better quickly. See your doctor if the symptoms worsen or a fever develops. An antibiotic may be needed.
1603004	I have swollen, tender lymph nodes on the left side of my neck and just above my clavical. No other symptoms. Could it be cancer?	Very unlikely Tender nodes that are not obviously abnormal and aren't growing rapidly or matted to the surrounding tissue are almost never cancer, especially at your age. I'd watch them. If your current acne medicine isn't strong enough to manage it, this itself may be the cause. Best wishes.
401470	Lower stomache pain, nausea, fatigue, insomnia, lower back pain, chills abdominal pain, lower left stomache pain, lower back pain, nausea, chills, been having symptoms about 4 days	I I would consult with your doctor immediately for evaluation. This may point an infectious process that needs to be addressed sooner than later.
625493	Sore throat fever headache flu like severe body aches every other week for five months. Lil high ketones strep negative mono negative all blood fine.	Unexplained fever Fever rarely lasts longer than a month, and this (if you've measured it accurately) puts you in the category of fever of unknown origin, which is mostly due to chronic diseases. Some considerations include: chronic infection (eg cmv, toxoplasmosis, mono), autoimmune disorders like lupus or vasculitis, cancer, leukemia, and very rare infections like histoplasmosis, coccidioidomycosis, q fever, etc.
868913	I have itchy little bumps on my feet and ankle only at night?	Hard to say but How long has it been going on? Are they really like the size of an eraser head. . & are gone by the morning(& gone the whole next day)? ..&no where else on your body? Bed bugs would be unlikely..Unless someone else sleeps in the same bed & they have it too? If bumps look more like welts(small mosquito bites) maybe are hives..But if going on more than few days take few pix & see your dr.
487497	I have severe foot/ankle pain without injury radiating up towards the knee with swelling to the ankle area?	Tendinitis Swelling in ankle radiating up to knee may be associated with tendon and muscle of the posterior tibial tendon. Since caused by lack of support in arch you need supportive shoes and try otc super feet. See podiatrist.
1452021	What causes pain in chest above breasts? Feels like someone is pushing down on a small area of the rib with their thumb.	Non cardiac At your age it is unlikely the chest pain you described is related to a cardiac disease, except if you a strong family history or coronary heart disease or multiple risk factor for developing heart disease. However, the only way to know is to visit a physician to confirm that is a non cardiac chest pain.
1140268	I take one 50 mg. Ultram morning & afternoon daily along with 25 mg phenegren together 3 months now. Am i at risk for serotonin syndrome?	Phenergan? If you meant Phenergan and ultram they are both increase sedation and drowsiness. There is no risk for serotonin syndrome. If concerned, just talk to your prescribing physician. Respectfully.
497000	Heavy anxiety and catastrophizing.  Dr. Gave me .25 xanax.  Scared of addiction.  Can i take Xanax in morning and valerian root w/ melatonin at night?	In addition . . . Xanax and valerian root may synergistically increase CNS and respiratory depression.
988101	I have a severe sore throat, fever, congestion, headaches and nausea. I have been taking an antibiotic for a toothache. Why am i getting sick if I have been on an antibiotic?	Virus vs. Bacterial Often a "cold" is viral in nature and will not respond to anti-biotics. A tooth ache is typically caused by bacteria so an antibiotic can be used for the infection if deemed necesary. If your cold is viral, antibiotic most liekly will not help.
6744405	Are bloating cramping hot flashes nausea and heightened sense if smell early pregnancy signs? My period is due next week. Is it possible I'm pregnant?	Possibly If you aren't using contraception, then these could be early signs of pregnancy but the only way to tell is to wait and see if your period is late and due a pregnancy test.
1451220	I have a deep throbbing/pulsating in a vein in the inner right arm, in the elbow crease. What could this be please? I'm worried about a blood clot?	Throbbing It is possible you may have a blood clot so get to your. Doctor ASAP to get it checked out
649516	I had a urine test for chlamydia and gonorrhea done almost 5 days ago. When can I expect results?	Ask The doctor's office that did the tests.
114012	When, my nose has bleed I let it bleed because I hate taste of blood in mouth. Is it bad not to tilt your head back?	Tilt forward Tilt your head forward, swallowing blood will make you vomit. Pinch the nose till the bleeding stops. Here is a video with more info for you http://www.Youtube.Com/watch?V=dp_i-gja7ui.
1550228	Why is my cervix still very high and soft after ovulation ended. my period isnt due for another 5 days am i pregnant? is this normal.	Do hpt if you miss your period. Conception, as defined by the generation of a fertilized ovum, occurs within day or so of the sex. However, it takes about two weeks for the embryo to make enough HCG to produce a positive pregnancy test. Blood test may be done a day after a missed period. Home pregnancy tests should be done 4-5 days after the missed period. Use first morning urine and follow instructions for the test carefully.
300253	My HDL is 70 my trygiside is 70 my total cholesterol  is168 my LDL   1s 100 do I need to take statin  ?	Context Context Those are pretty good cholesterol results but cannot look at these numbers out of context of a patientsnmedical history. For a diabetic with heart disease those are not good numbers- see your doctor.
1549015	Small bump on scalp. Originally thought it was traction, but it's been several months now. No redness, not itchy, not visible, no pain, hard.	Cyst of the scalp More likely it is a benign cyst of the scalp. ...An excision of the the lesion will prove the diagnosis and also take care of the problem....
1248774	Dizziness, headache, frequent urination, feeling bloated. 1 day late. Always tired and sleepy. Had sex 2 days before fertility window comes. Pregnant?	Check for pregnancy If you suspect pregnancy, check urine pregnancy test. Test most reliable when you are at the time of expected menstrual cycle but may be positive earlier than that.
891920	Can an ekg, chest x-ray, and blood tests tell the doctor whether or not you have a weak heart?	Yes and No The xray and ECG can point to a variety of cardiac conditions, but "weak heart" usually implies something called systolic dysfunction which is usually diagnosed only by an echocardiogram.
1391624	My son was diagnosed with hand foot and mouth disease on Monday, his sores are dry .is he still contagious?	Hand Foot and Mouth More than likely. Also, as long as he has had no fever for over 24 hours.
6758506	I have burning after urination and lower back pain that lasts a few hours. No uti, stds or irritating soaps or detergents being used?	See details You may have interstitial cystitis. See a urologist.
286099	Pain left sholder blade , arm pain at times feels numb. Lower rib discomfort neck tight , upper left chest?	Neck v cardiac v This could be a lower level cervical disc herniation at c6-7 or c7-t1 or it could be a heart issue or even an upper love lung problem . Your age would be more co sister with a musculoskeletal diagnosis but since there is a cardiac possibility, you should get an evaluation by your physician.
1122286	I've had spotting for two weeks since my missed period. Does blood in the urine cause false positive pregnancy tests?	NO Blood in the urine does not affect pregnancy test, check for UTI or threatened abortion due to spotting after a missed period.
1102289	Small red bumps each winter mainly onright hand a little but on left hand (backside) becomes itchy and inflamed goes away in the spring. What can I do?	Eczema Treat the bumps with moisturizers like cerave cream. You also need a prescription cortisone like clobetadol cream and use it twice a day for two weeks, rest one week, then repeat if necessary.
542395	How do you determine if IBS is due to scleroderma when ANA positive but no other symptoms?	You cannot! ANA is not a test specific for scleroderma, and there are false positives. There are several subtypes of scleroderma too, such as localized, systemic sclerosis, crest, syndromes, and single internal organ involvement. Several major and minor criteria must be met to make a diagnosis of systemic sclerosis. A skin biopsy is essential, if clinical exam is suspicious for cutaneous scleroderma.
1123176	My body is aching, i feel kinda weak. My nose has been running non stop, my throat is sore and i don't have a fever, what is it? Should i see a doctor?	Viral URI Symptoms such as yours are common for a virus, especially this time of year. Symptomatic improvement is expected within 5-7 days, but if you have symptoms for only 24-48 hours, a course of prescription tamiflu may be helpful. If symptoms persist past 7 days, this may turn into sinusitis or bronchitis and a doctors visit would then be helpful.
311176	I have had nausea, 25lb loss, dizzy spells and now sore breasts that are now lactating. Tubal 14yrs ago. Neg pregnant test. What's happening to me?	See you MD You will need to see you md to be evaluated asap . A prolactin and imaging of the brain (cat scan, mri) should be done along with a complete history and physical exam.
1040724	Can masturbation causes small white head looking bumps to show up on the penis?	Not likely These are probably benign bumps knows as fordyce's spots.
1079811	Why do I have constant non-stop diarrhea? My doctor just prescribes imodium and antibiotics hoping it will stop. Imodium doesn't even work anymore.	Stool Testing This is not normal. One must seek out the cause of the problem. This is done with both cultures and other studies of the stool and through examination such as colonoscopy done by a GI specialist.
97159	What's the best shampoo or treatment to use on itchy, scaling psoriasis on the scalp?	T/Gel or T/Sal For otc shampoos, neutrogena t/gel, t/sal, tar shampoos, head & shoulder, selsun blue/brown/gold are better than others. But prescription shampoos ordered by derm surely are more powerful. Adding strong cortisone scalp liquid/solution is necessary, sometimes, particularly for sever scalp psoriasis.
1112346	M 17 nw..And almst frm 4yr i hav started shvng and since den my height grwth has stopd? Dos shvng stops grwth & also i hav pubic hairs undr arm &penis	No Shaving does not stop growth. It's normal to have pubic hair and armpit hair at your age.
1165185	Redness around eyes and mouth. Hurts and itches, but then stops and turns red. Have had on corners of mouth since december, left eye for 2 weeks. Help?	Need for evaluation It would require a detailed history and examination to arrive at a diagnosis. It may be due to nutritional deficiency, depending on your diet and any medications you may be taking, it could be manifestation of auto-immune disorder. Please see your doctor for a proper evaluation, diagnosis and treatment.
6722524	I have white spots in my throat how do I know if it is mono or just sore throat?I went to my doctor and he said it was not strep and I have no fever.	Could be debris Some people have "pitted" tonsils that can collect debris or concretions. These areas can get inflamed and cause pain. Also, some viruses can cause ulcers (or little white canker sores) on the tonsils and palate. You may not have strep OR mono, but rather inflamed concretions or a virus.
1061258	Pimple like bumps on scalp. Not responding to dandruff or tar shampoo or salicylic acid. No flaking or burning. Occasionally itches, but never severe.	Many possibilities Unfortunately they could be many things. Having somebody look at it in person would be the best. There are possibilities such as lice and ranging two small infections.
1305560	Burning or itching feeling at the top of the penis foreskin ( uncircumcised) after urinating. No symptoms such as STDs or uti?	Burning urethra Burning and itching feeling at the top of penis could be irritation from masturbation very common. Or you may have urethritis. See your primary care dr. Urinalysis should be done.
1250534	Does some fungal infection in groin area , sometimes looks like red pimples , but little and itchy? Like face pimples without white or black head	Please see below Do you have those pimple looking itchy lesion in other parts of your body? How about hands or around belly button? It could be so many things like fungal infection itself, bacterial or sometimes scabes as well. Please see your pcp for evaluation.
6692921	My last period was on march 14.I was suppose to start on April 17.I'm a week late.I've had no implantation bleeding. A - test. Can I still be pregnant?	Take a test Anyone having intercourse without birth control or condoms may get pregnant. Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you are not confident in the negative result you can repeat it in a few days. See a doctor for birth control
1195750	I have some new strange moles on my arm are they skin cancer?	See dermatologist We cannot diagnose without seeing the moles you're talking about. It's best for you to see a dermatologist in your own community so s/he can examine you and make recommendations. Best wishes to you.
1187765	Can a person b alone after having knee surgery for replacement if someone is with her for the first 2 weeks after surgrry?	Depends... Depends on how the knee replacement patient is doing and how autonomous he/ she is @ this point post- op. Many older patients will require help w/ bathing , stairclimbing, and will not be able to drive yet. Home health nursing and physical therapy can be provided prior to d/c from hospital.
322900	My throat hurts very bad to when i swallow or talk my ears hurt just as bad and dismorning i coughed up yellow mucus and a ball of blood?	Possible sinus Infection. You may need a prescription antihistamin/decongestant combination +/- an antibiotic.
6772495	Pain behind rt knee on rt side of it- feels like tearing almost. Tender to touch and painful to bear weight with mild swelling. What could it be?	Knee Could be a ligament strain or tear, a meniscus tear, or possibly a swollen baker's cyst behind the knee. If it is difficult to bear weight, sees doctor for an exam.
1594614	I wore my hair in a ponytail yesterday and mole on my head is now tender. Haven't washed hair in 2 days. Have had mole for years?	Hair Traction It is not unusual to get tenderness on the scalp from traction from a ponytail or other hairdos that pull the hair up. Some ladies and girls even lose hair due to this. This is the likely cause of the sore mole. That being said, changes to a mole, even a long standing one, should be checked out by your doctor or dermatologist
989114	How do they diagnose acute coronary syndrome? 2nd stage of stress test my heart rate was 170. Heart ultra sound shows leaky valve.Can hardly exersise	ACS Acute coronary syndrome (acs) is a clinical diagnosis, extremely unlikely in a 24 year old. Leaky valve does not cause acs. Depending on degree of leakage & which valve, exercise intolerance may be due to leakage. Hr of 170 during exercise could be due to deconditioning (being out of shape), arrhythmia or even anxiety. Discuss with your doctor.
1607691	My scrotum itches and my testicles tingle. ?	May be fungus Without the benefit of examination, I can make general recommendations. The most common cause of itching is a fungal infection which also causes athletes foot. You may try cream available over the counter, made for athletes foot. If it does not improve then you have to see a doctor for examination . Good luck.
1576767	Headache, sore throat, itchy ears, muscle ache, fatigue, runny nose, loss of appetite, hot and cold, dizzy. Cold or flu?	Cardinal signs of Influenza are sudden onset of high fever( 101 or higher with hard chills/sweats),body/muscle pain,respiratory symptoms(cough,runny nose). Easy to test for rapidly.Important to diagnose and treat within 48 hours of onset of symptoms.Anti-viral flu medicine works best if started within this 48 hour window.
959502	Mild diffuse fatty infiltration of liver ALT 142 AST 77 low function gallbladder  bilirubin fluctuates can this mean cirrhosis or coild it b from gb?	Could be From the gallbladder if it is not functioning properly and giving you symptoms. Numbers alone really don't tell much without the story behind it.
598672	Had or have ear infection(17 days feels better)now when i swallow i hear a cracklings sound coming from my ear, no pain...	Fluticasone nasal Next step is a 6 week trial of fluticasone nasal spray. Sounds like you are suffering from eustachian tube dysfunction and you could likely have resolution of the "crackling" in your ears with flonase. Flonase takes about 5 weeks to "kick in" as it must reach a therapeutic level in your nasal tissues.
1190520	Cramping in my lower abdomen lasts for 3 or 4 days. There is mild nausea, loss of appetite, and constipation w/ diarrhea. I'm 55 and have no periods.	Pelvic ultrasound An ultrasound of your pelvic organs would be a good place to start. If that comes back normal and you have never had a colonoscopy, you might want to follow up with a GI physician.
1070866	Pos ANA 1:640 homogenous nuclear staining. Normal C3 and c4. What is going on? Most likely lupus? Scleroderma? Had slightly elevated ACE test.	Abnormal ana There are a lot of rheumatologic or autoimmune causes for an elevate ana. You would have to corelate this with the clinical findings. Additional testing might be needed to confirm the diagnosis. I recommend discussing this with your pcp.
664305	Red & swollen tonsils & throat, occasionally sore, occasional low grade fever, snoring, trouble breathing at times after tonsillitis in december.	Tonsils Go see your doctor and get checked out, need to check for a few things and culture tonsils. ...
1497920	My ears have felt clogged for a few weeks, like the feeling of water in ears. Seems to echo when I tap my head but no pain or dizziness.	Flushing Go to your doctor to flush this out for you.
664307	How advisable is it to take zzzquil as a sleeping aid?	Depends Zzzquil is an over the counter sleep aid. Diphenhydramine, aka benadryl, is the primary active ingredient. It is not recommended if one has an allergy to any part of it. Side effects include dry mouth, urinary retention, dizziness, and blurred vision. There are other side effects. Care must be taken if one is taking prescribed medications. Always check with md before adding any new meds.
678624	Herpes simplex serum test please interpret type 1nd2 igm: 9.9u/ml                            type1nd2 igg: 5.2u/ml (am i positive or negative ) thanks?	Positive Usually above .9 is positive. Your doctor can confirm the range for you based on lab used.
6711741	I'm having hot flashes, lighter period than normal, painful cramping before my period, heartburn, and now tender breasts, and negative pregnancy tests?	Probably you are having an anovulatory cycle. Estrogen is dominating to your cycle . See your gyn. Your cycle can be regulated with progesteron pills or bcp.
622948	Have a pimple on the inner side of my cheek in my mouth?	See a dentist You may have bitten your cheek which causes a 'fibroma' or thickening of the cheek that can look like a pimple. If it lasts longer than a week, have a dentist check it out to rule out trauma or in less likely oral cancer. It is better to be safe than sorry.
323055	I have lupus, painful interstitial cystitis, and lots of GI issues. Is it worth trying gluten free diet for a while though my celiac test was negative?	No harm in trying Other than the expense, but gluten free diet is not likely to be of use if you are not sensitive to gluten.
336468	Feels like double pulled groin , swollen , tender , warm , itchy , some bumps w/ redness , fever , body aches body chills after shaving pubic region?	Infection It sounds like you developed an infection from shaving. If you're having chills you need to be seen by a doctor. The infection may have spread to your blood. Do not delay seeking medical help.
1224133	Is it normal to have a  super heavy but short period for the first cycle after a missed miscarriage?  29days post m/c.	Yes It is possible and possibly even normal. The timing is about right for your next period. Given that it is different from what you expect for a normal period, consider checking a pregnancy test to make sure that the pregnancy from before is not a persistent issue.
543722	How would i know &/or what happens if a complex with daughter ovary cyst ruptures. 5x3x4cm?	Pain Usually something that size that ruptures will cause a lot of pain and perhaps even be similar to appendicitis pain. It would catch your attention and prompt a visit to your doctor or emergency room.If it ruptures and she has no pain then her body has handled it.
1365141	I was on Zoloft 50mg Risperdal 0.25mg Buspar 10mg twice a day I was fine I stop Buspar 10 days ago I was very fine I start to feel anxiety depression?	Not uncommon and not good to just abruptly stop taking these types of medications. Discuss with your Dr. and come up with a better plan.
1482202	How long after dexedrine is it safe to take my 100mg of tramadol??	Several hours the combination of dexedrine and tramadol may cause seizures co care is warranted
6746139	Can you see a carotid artery aneurysm on a neck ct scan with contrast?	Yes Yes, if the CT protocol is correct and you are talking about IV contrast and especially if you are talking about a CT angiogram (CTA). A carotid duplex ultrasound would also show it without radiation.
6655757	I have a 4 month old son who has been snorting and snoring for 2 months  The dr says its adenoids but can I give him anything as he can not sleep!!	Go to Pediatric Sleep Apnea Expert for infants. Do not give him any drugs or substances.
1519748	Age 16. Nausea. Headache. Dizziness.Cold sweats. Upper Stomach pain. Blood clotting in vomit. No fever.dnt live in a place that has ebola. What is it?	You could have a viral gastroenteritis. The fact that you are vomiting blood merits medical evaluation. Yes - you are not at risk for Ebola. Take care.
1447898	Would Valtrex work now? I feel like I have been having an outbreak on my face for 3 months after fellatio. Itches and burns but looks like acne .	Get seen Best to get the rash seen by a physician and get started on the right medication. You want to make sure you are taking the right medication for the problem. Might be acne or herpes or a bacterial infection or even an allergic type reaction. Has already been bothering you for long enough. Could try Cetaphil non soap cleanser until seen.
676573	Hard little lumps under my skin on both of my arms right before my elbows could it be cancer or swelling?	Many possibilities There are many entities that could cause bumps under the skin. One course of action could be to see a dermatologist. They would be able to evaluate the lesions and determine whether biopsy is warranted.
1291061	What are the symptoms of vitamin d deficiency? I have ongoing neck/shoulder pain, weak legs, fatigue and dizziness. Are these due to the deficiency?	Possible At your age (young) you should have bloodwork to check for specific markers. "bone pain" can be a complaint of deficiency but there may be other causes.
1068926	I have fever, nausea, peeing more, back pain doc said i had blood & protein in my urine & told me to go home take paracetomal & rest, was this right?	There could be more Underlying conditions causing the presence of blood and protein in your urine such as inflammation or infection in your kidney, autoimmune condition, presence of hypertension, diabetes etc. I'd suggest to your dr some blood work and a more extensive work up or consider getting a second opinion. Take care and god bless u! http://www.Healthcentral.Com/prostate/h/blood-and-protein-in-urine.Html.
6749440	Anxiety since I've started getting dizzy have uncompensated labyrinthitis and there's a storm was out of the state for a weed Could these factors make labyrinthitis and anxiety bad? Ativan not helping	Maybe cause of your anxiety should be explored with a good therapist. Your labyrinthitis may be treatable with a physical therapist trained in treatment of this condition. There are medications which can also help this condition and may help calm the symptoms of your anxiety. Therapy is needed to get to the root cause of your anxiety
1275615	Can having an infection in my urine do to kidney stones cause me to break out ? I've been breaking out ver since i got stent implanted	Ask Doc... Inserting stent is an essential part of managing renal/ureteral stones for most of cases. But it comes with a price of local irritation and suffering, and occasional symptomatic uti, which can usually be managed and soothed with proper use of medications, while the endoscopic procedures have averted patients to undergo open surgery. For individual details, ask attending doc timely.
277480	What does it mean if you have been sexually active and your having mild cramping in your uterus at times and its a good while before the expected period.?	Mild cramping Mild cramping generally isn't worrisome, but if you have unprotected sex, you should consider pelvic infection and pregnancy.
489781	I have a ruptured bakers cyst in my left knee. My ortho says it will take about 8weeks for the fluid to reabsorb . Will Lasix speed this process up?	Lasix? Lasix of Furosemide helps your body excrete fluid from the kidneys (it's a loop diuretic) and works best when you have extra fluid in the legs (peripheral edema), so i'm not sure if it'll help with the baker's cyst fluid since it's more of a localized fluid that will go away with time and compression as well as surgical removal.
1599595	Yesterday doc tested me neg for strep. Woke up today w/ swollen tonsils & slightly lymph nodes & lost voice. What is it? How to cure it? Hurts 2 swall	Viral Sounds like a viral pharyngitis (viral sore throat). Rest your voice, gargle, and give it time. Cold drinks and Ibuprofen will help your throat feel better.
1156159	What does " 2.8 mm a1 a2 arterial loop" mean on mra scan/report of brain? Is the above loop considered a normal variant or pathology like aneurysm?	Normal Description of normal vessels.
690502	A lap myomectomy (removd 3*3cm size-submucos, intramuralfibroids) affect my future pregnancy? I miscaried due to fibroid at 6th month.	Hopefully not Removal of the fibroid will hopefully allow you to have a normal pregnancy, although you may need a caesarean section depending on the extent of the surgery. Your next pregnancy(s) will need to be monitored closely. Hopefully all the fibroids were removed as they tend to grow in pregnancy and may cause problems. Talk to your dr about these concerns.
532286	I'm 4weeks pregnant.I want to have a medical abortion cos i had a surgical one 3mths ago.Wat do I take & I have  uterine fibroids.	SeePMD Better to consult pmd.
1507708	More info on serum immunofixation..no monoclonal proteins detected.a faint IgG labda cannot be ruled out.suggest repeat 6 mths.igg 841 IgA 251 IgM 44.	Correct advice It is prudent to retest in about six months to see which way the low level monoclonal spike is going. It may disappear, stay unchanged or increase in amount. The next step will depend on the direction of the quantity of the protein. Your immunoglobulin levels are normal. There is no need to worry.
633323	Hi. I think i might have ovulated around 9/03/2013 and 2 days later had a bladder infection wid blood in urine. Now 11 dpo.When should I test 4 preg?	Pregnant? If you ovulated in september and became pregnant you should be very aware of it by now. If you typed the wrong date, you should test your urine with inexpensive strips available from pharmacy at 7-10 days after time you think you may have been impregnated, and then every several days after for a week or so.
203968	My vagina is sore red swollen nd very itchy also gets a tooth tarter type smell at times please help?	Sore vagina and odor You may have an infection causing inflammation of the vagina. You need to see your doctor for an examination to determine the cause of the infection and to give your proper treatment.
153802	What can cause diarrhea and abdominal discomfort? Is there a blood test for irritable bowel syndrome?	Parasympathetic Parasympathetic nervous system over activity evokes colon spasm & evacuation; imo a possible cause of ibs, which is a functional disorder for which there are no demonstrable tissue pathological features, blood tests, laboratory finding, or imaging studies. Pain arises from involuntary spasm of colon smooth muscle. Imo a disordered pelvic girdle explains ibs & fibromyalgia (often concommitant).
1185652	Most of toes swollen & red, very sore which makes it painful to walk when pressure is applied. Some hard skin on the top. Need quick remedy & cause?	SwollenToes You are describing a possible infection which may need antibiotics. Please see a podiatrist to check out how serious this is. Good luck. Dr rich blake.
6746135	Stung by wasp three days ago. No bad reaction. But woke this morning to large red area around sting and itching. Any advice?	Hydrocortisone cream apply to the affected area 2-4 times daily as needed for itching. Taking an over-the-counter antihistamine may also be helpful. Benadryl will probably help with the itching and redness but may cause sleepiness. Loratadine (Claritin) and cetirizine (Zyrtec) are non-sedating antihistamine which can be taken daily and may be helpful. If not helpful, you may need a prescription medication.
274010	I have had severe upper rhespiratory problems due to allergies for the past few days but today they re better but now after taking a Claritin and a hot shower I have a blotchy red rash on my arms and legs it s not itchy but I m wondering what the cause mi	Viral? Allergic? Blotchy appearing reddish rashes can occur when the blood flow in the tiny vessels at the skin's surface change, such as in an allergic rash, a viral rash, or in reaction to changes in skin temperature. Viral infections that cause cold symptoms and other symptoms can sometimes cause such skin patterns (fifth disease, caused by a virus, can cause reddish patterns). A doctor can evaluate if needed.
250771	Is it likely that I have breast cancer if the doctors took a mammogram, then an ultrasound, then a breast mri?	You need to talk to your doctor about what the findings suggest. The addition of the MRI to the mix could mean almost anything. It could mean that they really don't think there is anything going on, but just want to have a higher level of certainty about it, or it could mean there is something very abnormal, and they are trying to determine extent of disease. Again, call your doctor to find out.
920447	What does altered marrow signal in distal femur and proximal tibia accompanied with hemosiderin deposition & thickened synovium in MRI left knee mean?	Possibly PVNS Pigmented villonodular synovitis (pvns )is proliferative disorder that can affect joints, tendons and bursae with unknown etiology. Possibily chronic inflammatory response or a benign neoplasm of fibrohistiocytic origin. Major radiographic differential includes uncalcified synovial chondromatosis, tuberculous arthritis, hemophiliac arthropathy. Sometimes need biopsy to confirm pvns.
69429	Tightness in upper chest left side towards armpit.
Ekg normal, xray shows bursitis, MRI shows cyst inside bone, ortho. Says no problem.  What now?	Pain Assessment A cardiologist would be the most appropriate specialist to rule out conditions affecting the heart which can cause chest and left armpit pain.
875008	Rash located on back of left hand between thumb and index finger and back to wrist. Is this bad?	Bothersome Does it itch, is it bubbly , or ooze? Does it hurt? Are you left handed? Is it bumpy raised and red? Really not enough info to answer you but it is in the distribution where you would grab something and possibly touched as irritant . If that is what it is, try Benadryl cream or an over the counter Hydrocortisone . If it does not clear see your doctor who can see it with real eyes for proper dxrx.
1557828	I have pain in one hip that goes down the back of leg. Yesterday my knee started to swell and entire leg hurts now. What could this be? No injuries.	We still need histry There are several possibliities including depending on your age hip arthritis or other hip condition. There is also the possibility of sciatica, pyriformis syndrome, radiculopathy, knee arthritis just to name a few. Thus an evaluation with your primary MD would evaluate your history for peripheral vascular disease, edema or other systemic condition. Then they can refer to Ortho, if appropriate.
1294584	Can hyperthyroidism cause swelling of the lymph nodes in the neck?	Probably not. Causes of enlarged lymph nodes are infection, inflammation, or less likely neoplasm. Hyperthyroidism usually means overactive thyroid gland. If you have persistently enlarged lymph nodes in the neck, you should have a medical evaluation.
894555	Stage 2B idc breast cancer, triple positive. Us shows 6mm thyroid nodule with calcifications next to carotid. Should i insist on fine needle biopsy?	The thyroid nodule is not related to the breast cancer. It is not a metastasis. The specific ultrasound characteristics are important in determining the management of the thyroid nodule, but thyroid nodules are common, and based on size, serial follow up is the most likely scenario.
6675178	Hello, yesteday I went to the hospital because of a sharp and intense pain in the stomach wich dissapeared after approximately 1 hour, been having diarrhea for a couple of days, urine and blood tests came in normal but doctor told me I had a lot of air in	Diarrhea did they test you for C Diff
336050	I was bit by something on the outside of my left ankle 2 months ago. It stung very bad for about 15 min then itched. Yes i did scratch. There was no noticeable sore than or now but  the back of my foot is swollen on both sides. It's not red just swollen.	Possible bursitis If the area is swollen to the back of the heel area after trauma, bursitis is a common cause. There is a small bone or projection to the back of the ankle bone that could have broken off-- diagnosis with x-ray, or the possiblity of tendonitis to the area. Best to see your podiatrist to have this checked out.
1473754	Yesterday my throat hurt and the roof of my house has two yellow spots with red spider vein It is sore to swallow and makes me cough?	Pharyngitis. Get tested for strep throat. See your doctor.
513585	Why does the inside of my vagina is red and I have cuts inside my vagina and like a red bumpy rash it itches, burns when i pee and have grey discharge	See OB- GYN MD See a gyn md who can discern the reasons for you problems.
951360	A pimple on my breast has left a small hard lump under the skin. I  had mammogram and ultrasound last month which was clear, should I be worried?	No This should disappear with time. If not see your pcp.
1382442	I am 61 and have severe vaginal itching no discharge. I have tried yeast infection meds and creams for the external with no relief. Any suggestions?	Since the treatments you have tried have not been successful - it would be prudent to obtain a gynecological evaluation. Take care.
810094	I have had my period twice last month and for about a week now I have been feeling fatigued, increased appetite and libido, nausea bloating. Pregnant?	See below How over-the counter pregnancy test? If still have questions and concerns, contact your primary care doctor or obgyn? These steps probably will bring you some peace of mind. Good luck!
1528569	I continously loose my breath, feel chest pain and start to feel dizzy or light headed, what could thi be. I also get alot of head aches?	Could be many things hi - your symptoms are broad and could be many things. Because you are young your symptoms are less likely to be related to coronary artery disease. But with chest pain and shortness of breath, it is possible that your symptoms are related to your heart or some other condition that warrants attention. It is best to be evaluated in person by a doctor.
483277	I have right side pain very tired feels like kidney stone CT scan none gallbladder taken out also. But really does sometimes feel like it blood urine?	Can't feel blood ... In urine, but can see it (grossly), or get tested for it (dipstick test), or seen under the microscope. Can't tell here what you have, might not be urinary, could be GI or gyn. Ct for kidney stone is often without contrast, so other details may not show up. Follow up with md.
575044	Recent blood work tsh:0.39 t3:63 t4:5.4 and a painless lump in the lower right side of my neck for over a year, it doesn't change in size, is it normal?	See endocrinologist The lump may or may not be thyroid. Your thyroid blood tests are confusing, all are on the low side. Are you taking thyroid hormone supplements? For starters, i recommend seeing an endocrinologist, getting a thyroid ultrasound, and repeating the labs by a reputable lab. The lump could be part of a benign goiter or cyst, but you need to check for something more serious.
884473	I had several choking epis most at night and 1 ocured at day?I feel a lump in my throat and often must clear throat what are possible causes? I had tt	Probable reflux The most common cause of choking out of sleep is reflux. With reflux the upper esophageal sphincter can tighten causing a sensation of a lump (globus) and the throat clearing is from acid irritation or the throat not clearing saliva and other secretions. Suggest no food/drink 3-4 hrs before sleep, sleep with head > 30deg, and avoid alcohol, fats, caffeine. If not better then antacids and see md.
68176	What do you think the reason is for reacuring white blood cells in urine and prety frequent urinary tract infections would be?	Foreign body These might be signs of foreign body in the urinary tract like tumors and stones.
6693297	Hello doctor. My girlfriend and I are sexually active, her period is always on time we had unprotected sex about 3 days after her ovulation cycle  and her period is now 12 days late no symptoms/ signs of anything . Is she pregnant ?	Maybe pregnant Pregnancy is the most common cause of a missed period. If not pregnant, other causes of a late or missed period include: excessive weight loss or weight gain, increased exercising, emotional stress, having an illness, traveling, medicines (especially birth control pills), hormonal disorders, etc. Having sex keeps the human species going, by creating more babies... unless we do some contraception.
1076742	Can si joint pain cause a burning pain in groin and butt cheek and achey leg? Not tender to touch. Worse sitting. 18wk pregnant with ehlers danlos.	Yes See a chiropractor, good massage therapist or craniosacral therapist. Acupuncture and chinese medicine can help a lot too. Could also be sciatica which is a little more than just si pain. The recommendations are the same.
6760621	My cycle was almost 2 weeks late(I'm experiencing light spotting now as of a few minutes ago). I had pelvic pains/cramps, and tender breast. I'm a virgin so I can't be pregnant, what's wrong?	LookToTheEasternStar Hey, it happened once, maybe it happened again. When three wiseguys show-up at your door you'll know for sure. But barring that,cycles often get screwed-up,I don't know why but a persistent ovary follicle can keep estrogen going & make you feel like you're the Michelin Man's Wife.Then either the estrogen drops or your uterus gives-up & starts bleeding.If this doesn't resolve soon, see your GYN doc
1598752	I have psoriasis from last 2 yrs. Recently, i have started facing knee pain while walking and climbing stairs.Is it psoriasis arthritis?	Not necessary Up to 30% of patients with Psoriasis can have Psoriatic arthritis but knee pain is very frequent as well from other causes. It sounds your pain maybe more mechanical since it hurts with activity instead most of the inflammatory arthritis like psoriatic arthritis are painful in the morning with stiffness and improved with activities. Maybe you are overweight and that's more fr, see a rheumatologist
1028225	Im on birth control i missed a pill a day after ovulation day i had unprotected sex can I be pregnant? No period	skipped a BC pill If you missed a period, start doing urine home pregnancy tests. It is possible that you are pregant but not a sure thing.
855845	White spots on skin, genital warts, joint ache, HIV test(7months) negative, which d/s, can I be?	HIV Positive Your question is confusing. You say in your question that you are not HIV positive but in your profile it says you have hiv. White spots are most likely yeast or a fungal infection. Warts are caused by the common wart virus: hpv. Joint aches could be many different conditions or side effect from medications or a disseminated std such as gonorrhea.
6694745	Am male of 22 years.I have problem of upper abdomen pain n loose stools from 6 months.My lead level in blood is 43.11.Is it the reason?Help me?	May be Whatever else, your blood lead level is high and needs to be treated. See this site for more info. http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003360.htm
849286	What are tremors of the head, both hands and legs a symptom of? I have peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Gng to mayo in sept	Unlikely related Unlikely related to those phenomenon. Full neurologic workup is required to look for anything from hyperthyroidism to myesthania gravis to heart valve problem.
1548854	The right side of my thyroid is swollen, it's hard to swallow. I've have tag T3 and T4 levels done hat were normal. What could it be?	Thyroid nodule? Hi. You may have a benign asymmetric goiter, but the asymmetry may also be a nodule. Most thyroid nodules are benign, but some are cancer. No noticeable thyroid nodule should be ignored. Please see an endocrinologist to have your thyroid evaluated.
563931	Small lump on mid left side of neck, pain in face and head on left side and down through left arm, what's happening?	Hard to say Lump getting g bigger? How fast? Something may be irritating nerves to face and arm. Should be checked out. Best bet is ENT doctor.
1410849	I have diabetes so i know that i can get yeast infections easily but my vagina is sore all the time & little brown mushy particles around. solutions?	Assuming god hygiene I would recommend you see and bring it up with a GYN provider and have a good history and exam performed to diagnose properly and have good treqatment, if needed. Be well!
6612780	Hi! On New Year's Eve, I injured my finger. I was holding on to someone tightly and when I let go, my finger was hurting. It was swollen badly and at one point it was black/purple. It also hurt my hand and sometimes I can feel throbbing into my arm. The p	Injury Obliviously you injured the finger somehow to the level to become black and blue. It may be soft tissue injury or even fracture of the little bones, if pain persist and gets worse have a physician to take a look at it
1480180	Positive pregnancy test have regular periods on birth control had ultrasound done no sign on baby what does this mean?? Check hCG level was 200 now 65	The bHCg likely righ Sounds like you started to have a pregnancy but it ended. Make sure the bhcg keeps going down and see your doctor
6728019	My arm is all swollen and red it numb to the top and pain to the elbow it has lump and black circle in middle of my arm. It so painful i cant move it?	Insect bite This could be an insect bite such a a brown recluse spider or an injury from a rose thorn. A picture would be helpful but it probably needs to be seen an treated
1183801	2 lymph nodes in the left posterior cervical region, painless, firm & one small hard lump on scm n scm slightly swollen at the base of head. Wat is it?	Probably a local Infection, but only a biopsy will tell for sure. If antibiotics do not resolve them, see a surgeon for possible biopsy.
1568351	Does the body's temperature affect respiratory rate and blood pressure?	Yes. can affect respiratory rate , less so blood pressure.
756721	Tested, negative for RA and emg was also negative what could be causing the pian in my both elbows, bothe wrist and knees pain constantly for two years?	See a rheumatologist Think about fibromyalgia. Have a rheumatologist evaluate the problem and then you will likely know for sure.
6650807	Ate food. had headaches, vomiting, diarrhea, fever for 6 days after.dr says stomach flu? has light green diarhea. let it run course or is this serious	Yes This is too long for a stomach flu. Be sure that you don't get dehydrated. See doctor ASAP. By the way, are you old enough to be on this site?
1396563	Can I just use Tetralysal for my big acnes although my dermatologist told me to buy cream,soap cleanser etc. Is it still safe&effective w/o the rest?	Acne care Acne care involves an entire regimen, not just one prescription. If your dermatologist told you to do a variety of things, then your optimal results will be if you do everything they instructed you to do. Using these medications often have side effects or only work if done together with other treatments. While the med alone may help,it will not be the optimal care for your acne unless you do it all
400831	Should i be worried about a stroke severe migraines the last week, have waken me up from my sleep, left side feels a little numb, vomiting due to headache's, my rght hand fingers , pinky finger and ring finger have curled a bit, headaches go away for a wh	Hello. Hello. I don't know if you have suffered a stroke. Complex migraine headaches can cause very strange neurologic symptoms. I have listed symptoms for a possible stroke. All of these symptoms would have a sudden onset. Numbness or weakness of the face, arm or leg (especially if it is one sided); trouble speaking or understanding what other people are saying to you, problems with vision, a severe headache, loss of balance, having a hard time walking and feeling dizzy. I do recommend that you get prompt medical care. If the numbness has just started, calling 911 would be appropriate. In this type of situation it is best to be prudent. If you have not been evaluated by a neurologist, strongly recommend that you do so. Take care.
400830	Constant tingling leg pain what could it be. I am a diabetic, for the last three months I have been having this tingling pain from my buttocks all the way down to my foot, but only on the left side. It hurts for me to sit or lay down.	Hello. Hello. Although i can't diagnose your condition, the description sounds like possible sciatica. I would contact your doctor so that he or she can evaluated for this and determine what type of treatment would be best.
1087937	Large painful lump inside arm by elbow, what is it?	Could Be swollen trochanteric bursa, if red or warm seek medical attention.
6646067	Small pimple like bumps on lower buttocks and upper thighs. Not pimples, they don't pop. Doesn't hurt unless I try to pop them. Never itches. Help please?	Folliculitis vs could be hair follicle infection or even bed bug or other insect bites [fleas ect] but likely just fiolliculitis treatment sometimes will go way if lingers more than 2 weeks , take cipro or doxycycline for a week to 10 days , if you were in a hot tub avoid it , could be from contaminationthere, clean with bleach[the tub] add teaspoon of bleach to the water.
660094	Why do I make a wierd noise when i swallow my own saliva, i can also hear it in my ears.	Tubes The eustation tubes empty in the back of your throat. Their purpose is to regulate pressure in the inner ear. When you swallow you are hearing the effects of the pressure chabge insdide the eustation tubes.
1601849	Second DVT in left leg. Finished warfarin treatment. On Aspirin because doing full contact sports. How to prevent future clots?	Left leg dvt I would consider getting evaluated for a May turner given your second left leg dvt. This is a functional iliac vein instruction in the left side that can sometimes be found in young women. If there is an obstruction that can be addressed, chances of recurrent dvt would be decreased.
1263097	I have symptoms of pregnancy: sore nipples, itchy breasts/tummy, n/v, headaches, dizziness, fatigue, moody, but i started spotting today could i be pg?	Take a test Don't guess. Take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1480455	Hadsex the day i Missed 1 bcpillStarted spotting 2 days after for a week.perioddue today. Went 2peeand saw a blood clot. Period? Or pregnant?	Period It is likely your period. Missing one OCP is not going to cause you to ovulate, missing pills repeatedly will. Your period is due, it is likely your period.
1261031	My HSV type 2 test came back with IgG 12.2 and IgM type 1&2 1.94 does this mean that I have type 2 and does this mean it was a recent exposure?	Herpes It is not a recent exposure. You have genital herpes.
522158	I was hit with a hardball on my arm 4 months ago and then my arm turned black blue and red from elbow to shoulder now i feel like I have 2 blood clots?	Trauma The bruising and ecchymosis is normal after trauma, some swelling could be normal or could be internal bleeding (hematoma). A blood clot (thrombosis) is rare after direct trauma but is possible if a vein or artery was directly injured. The only way to get a diagnosis is to see a physician and possibly get a ultrasound of this arm. See your doctor.
6614784	Brain MRI says satisfactory intraluminal signal is noted in distal carotid vertebral and basilar arteries. Unremarkable brain MRA. What does this mean?	Normal vessels. means normal vessels.
939261	What causes a kidney stone and how can you prevent one?	Urine chemistry Stones form due to high concentrations of stone elements in the urine e. g. Calcium, oxalate. A 24 hour urine collection by a nephrologist or urologist can make a diagnosis. The first step in prevention is to drink enough to void 2 litres a day. See your physician first.
6730295	I have yellow patches on my throat and soreness only on one side.I tested negative for strep and mono.It clears up every few days and comes back ?	Viral Although these test are negative they only rule out the most common problems that one sees. They do not rule out other viral illnesses or infection that might cause the same symptoms. Please note that this can be lasting one to two week as well. If it has gone on for some time you need to see an ENT.
1042478	Red itchy bumps with white circle around them on legs and stomach. Look like tiny hives. Food allergy cause? Would i see a derm?	How long? How long have you had this problem and how long does each bump stays around? If the problem cannot be controlled with antihistamine or lasts more than 8 weeks , consider seeing an allergist. Does heat, stress, or exercise trigger it? If so , it may just be a condition known as cholinergic urticaria. Tell us more about your condition.
1497627	I have some light heart murmurs. Recently, my right leg and foot sometimes get lightly numb and I have some light chest pain. Is it a heart problem?	Symptoms what you describe does not particularly suggest heart disease
6740408	Am either in constipation or diarrhea allmy life but in month & half i have stomach or colon interruption & lots of gas smell roten even wz nofood !	Get checked for IBS/ Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Take care! http://www.healthline.com/health-slideshow/ibs-flare-up-prevention-tips http://www.webmd.com/ibs/alternative-therapies
459291	My daughter is 14 and has been complaining of puss filled bumps on her vagina what should. I do she is not sexually active?	Daughter Bring her to a doctor and get checked.
761587	If i had unprotected sex on 2-2-13, could a pregnancy have been mistaken as a cyst on my right ovary on 2-20-2013?	Family practice Probably not mistaken as a cyst. Did you have an u/s due to pain. Have a pregnancy test and tell your dr about your concerns. If positive preg test you worry about ectopic pregnancy if pain is envolved.
1488664	Can a cast be used instead of a knee immobalizer for a dislocated patella if the brace doesn't work?	Yes if no surgery is needed, braces R removable (temptation is there) & tend 2 slip down if U do not have the perfect leg. That's my opinion, & it's a judgment call. All ortho guys don't Rx the same, & nothing wrong with that.
79398	What are statistical odds for cancer returning in a 63 yr old woman 20 yrs after treatment for stage 1 breast cancer (lumpectomy, chemo, & radiation)?	Very low, but Sounds that you have been truly blessed with your life, and the chance is very low for the cancer to return but not impossible. Sometimes a different breast cancer could develop, even the kind could change it's characteristics; like hormone status.Typically, that would have happened sooner.The incidence of breast cancer in a woman goes up as she ages.You need to keep your ck ups, exams. Good luck.
1418546	Can you tell me if it's good idea to get laser treatment for acne scars?	Acne scars vs Lasers Very hard to tell via the internet. Best to seek IN PERSON examinations from a term doing laser therapies...
1155934	Back, flank & abdo pain for 5-6 months. Persistent bloating. Sudden weight gain. Elevated blood phosphate levels. Trace protein & elevated urine leukocytes & erythrocytes. No uti. What could be wrong?	Gynecologic This sounds like a problem with your reproductive organs. Perhaps you have an ovarian cyst or other type of mass. Space occupying factors may account for the urinary findings or these may be from a urinary tract issue. You may need some form of imaging of your abdomen and pelvis. There are several relatively benign conditions which could be responsible for this, but this should be investigated.
339679	Could  tiredness, pain in the legs, irritability be symptoms of vitamin D3 deficiency?	Vit D3 If you think you are low on vit d3 the first thing to do is to take a blood test and check your level of vit d3. Some symptoms are a weakened immune system (get many colds) and muscle weakness. Please get tested first as too much is as bad as too little and see your md to rule out other causes.
945100	Rash comes/ goes & migrated from neck, back, thighs--small red sometimes itchy dots, scabs eventually--mild shingles possible 1yr after shingles shot?	Rash Unlikely shingles as it follows one nerve area of distribution and usually one sided. Consider exposure to something such as soap etc. Also certain viruses can cause rashes. Certain infections can causes rashes. If fever or feeling sick see your doctor.
699239	Just noticed a sm bump on scalp with a bald patch. Area is tender.Spot is purplish & doc thinks its a mole. Derm appt in 3+ wks. I've had headache for 2+ days. I also hit head hard there 4 months ago.	May be a hematoma Most likely it couldbbe a molr or a infected cyst which fits your discretion, or small amount of blood collected there called hematoma, call and ask for a early appoint.
1020354	Can abcessed tooth cause pain in ear and axillary lymph node swelling?	Yes/no Typical lower molar and sometimes bicuspids that have inflamed or infected pulps can refer pain to the ears. But I have not seen axillary nodes swollen from dental abscesses.
1443168	I got stitches in a deep wound on my knee a few weeks ago. It is swollen and oozing clear fluid and is tolerable but painful to walk on?	Recheck Cetainly call the physician who performed the surgical repair and make an appointment for a recheck and a wound culture. Are you taking antibiotics now??
792600	Can osteopenia cause muscle weakness in your arms and legs?	No. Osteopenia is simply softening of the bones. It is not painful and does not affect the muscles.
1531477	Can cough, greenish yellow phlegm/mucus and head/ear congestion persist for awhile after a viral URI? Feel better except for these things. No fever.	See doctor as you may have a bacterial infection tat is not clearing up.
1248219	My boyfriend is getting this wierd rash , (red spots) on his penis , mainly on the tip , and he says it burns after sexual intercourse?	Needs examination These symptoms could the result of an infection. Examination is indicated and also possibly treatment, so that if this is a std, you are aware and can also be treated also.
382981	I have pain over my right eye, my nose and my forehead, I am also feeling disoriented. I have never had any sinus problems. I do have lupus, high blood pressure and have had heart bypass in the past. It even hurts when i put on my glasses.	I I think it is important for you to see your doctor as soon as possible. With the history you have given, it is possible that you have temporal arteritis. This is a potentially serious inflammation of blood vessels in the head and face region. Another possibility is that you are experiencing the warning signs of an outbreak of varicella zoster otherwise known as "shingles". A shingles outbreak in the face is also a serious problem and must be treated promptly.
68829	Is rhere really a caffeine migraine ?	Misnomer It is actually caffeine withdrawal headache that may mimic like migraine.
651621	Dry cough for more than 3 weeks, no fever or sore throat. Could this be an early symptom of hiv?	Dry cough It can be from chronic sinusitis, acid reflux or asthma, and many other things, you need to have it checked. Hiv is low on the list in the absence of other systemic symptoms.
798523	When i stretch out my right leg, the left of my knee pops in the back and feels weird. This started after i began pt for chondromalacia in front ?	Perhaps too much Strain from the pt or could be a sign of meniscus tear. Follow up with your orthopedic dr. Take care!
864856	Felt great then had a sudden svr pain right side lower back/abdomen/pelvis/groin. Doubled over. 2 days constant pain. Pencil thin feces/diarrhea/constipated/bloody mucus. Getting over a bad period.  ?	Change in stool Any unprompted description of a change in stool characterized as ribbon flat or pencil thin is worrisome. Go see your family doctor and get a colonoscopy, even if pain goes away, but especially if stool remains pencil thin. Of note, Mobic can increase your risk for bleeding ulcers while vicodin can cause constipation. Check out http://alvinblin.Com/2012/04/evidence-based-migraine-prevention.Html.
1474657	Woke up with sore throat, runny/stuffy nose, minor cough, and mucus that I spit up. No fever. What is it. ?	Sore Throat It is pharyngitis ( sore throat). Try gargles and steam inhalation. Also try Ibuprofen. Needs to get evaluated fir strep.
1554847	Lasting one year I have had a reddish rash on the front ankles. no swelling. Skin can appear dry and rarely itches. Doesn't go away. 350 lbs 6ft tall.	Fungus I would try an over the counter antifungal as sometimes I have seen redness develop with out itching. Follow the directions on the medication and if this does not show improvement in 4 to 6 weeks let your Podiatrist see it and give you a better idea of what is going on.
1366041	I'm currently 7 weeks pregnant& have had 1 prior loss at 5 weeks. I also have cystic fibrosis. Do I have a higher chance of miscarriage from my CF?	Cf and pregnancy You can carry to term but I would suggest you go under the care of a high risk obstetrician preferably at a teaching hospital
301854	Recently (2 weeks ago) i started becoming itchy on my legs, then my arms, now it's moving up to my neck. No medication, no rashes etc. Why may this be?	Pruritus The cause of itch can be difficult to determine especially if there is no rash. Systemis conditions affecting the liver , kidney , thyroid or bloodsystem can cause a diffuse ithch w/o a rash but sometimes the cause is less ominous. Please have a doctor evaluate you if it persists.
629009	I had a surgery to remove ovarian cyst 2yrs ago. But now when i cough especially, i feel pain on the incision.Is this normal?	Get it looked at Very hard to make a diagnosis over the internet. It could be some residual incisional pain though 2 years is a long time. However, on possibility could be a hernia at the site of surgery. This can be determined fairly easily but will require a physical exam. Go see your doctor.
687974	If your still a virgin and sperm went through yoga pants and only touched around the  vagina can you get pregnant?.	Very unlikely Almost impossible, but please be careful in the future if you don't want to become pregnant.
6667118	Two weeks after taking flagyl for trich and my discharge still smells - also my period is 4 days late - will the bacteria affect a pregnancy test?	Trichomonas treated? Two major factors need to be addressed: 1) if you took all the medicine (metronidazole) as prescribed, and by the way pills are better than cream 2) did you get re-infected by your partner who may not have been treated? Although possible, resistance is rare (5 to 15% at most). Best to go back to your gyn and ask for help. The infection itself won't affect pregnancy test results.
1068395	Ulnar sided wrist & hand pain. Pain, tingling, numbness in pinky & ring fingers. Pinky tremors when  when fingers are extended. What can this be?	Ulnar nerve The ulnar nerve supplies the little finger and. Ulnar side of the ring finger. Ulnar nerve compression in guyons canal at the level of the wrist can cause the symptoms you describe. Seek care with a hand surgeon.
6761170	Started metformin for pcos.feel like I'm having pregnancy symptoms. Could it be the side affects? One breast sore,nausea,headache, tierd,	Possibly Metformin commonly causes nausea and diarrhea. In some people it may cause headache and fatigue. Breast tenderness would be unusual as a side effect. Please check a pregnancy test if there is any chance of pregnancy.
774561	I have swollen lymphnodes in my neck 3 years.Also a lump on my left leg beside my knee inner side over 2 months.Could this be lymphoma?	Unlikely Lymphoma is unlikely. Why not just have a doctor evaluate it?
6690241	Generally how long can a panic attack last?I am lightheaded &dizzy,have been for hours.Also my heart feels faint then speeds up.Iron is also very low.	See your doctor You may have more going on than a panic attack. See your doctor for a complete history and physical exam.
1161182	Is it possible to lay football after a disc protrusion at l4/l5 indenting on the interior thecal sac containing both L5 nerve roots at he central cana?	Depends If you have fully recovered and have strengthened your core back muscles, and have no nerve symptoms, it may be okay. See your spinal specialist about your particular situation.
1330561	Causes for sore throat, swollen tonsils, blood running down back of throat, bad cough, earache, headache, nausea?	URI The blood in throat is unusual, but everything else sounds like a bad case of pharyngitis, URI, mono, flu, etc. Perhaps tonsils are so enflamed and swollen that coughing violently caused them to bleed? I recommend going to urgent care for exam.
1061658	Can i take 10 mg of celexa with 150 mg of wellbutrin XL for anxiety and minor depression?	Yes That is a frequently encountered combination of medications. You should be okay with this combination provided it actually helps you! feel free to discuss this in more detail with your prescribing physician. Stay safe!
1010236	Loud wheezing whistle like noise when breathing in ? I'm a smoker no asthma what could it be thanks no chest pain or cough just loud noise	See your PCP Noisy breathing comes from disruption in the otherwise smooth flow of air in your airway and lungs--like the last bit of milkshake sipped through a straw. Disruptions can be caused by simple mucous or more insidious things. First concerns: narrowed airway from inflammation (asthma?), infection or cancer (after all, you are a smoker) need to be ruled out. See your doc asap to be sure.
6713902	4 weeks late period,hard tummy,hard stool,cramping,sharp pains by ovaries and lower abdominal,neg.pregnancy test nausea,,have irregular periods . ?	Treat constipation And also get evaluated for irregular periods
1182865	72mg/l urine protein then came back 60mg/l (not 24hr) gp refusing to do a 24hr collection or ultrasound! IgM 133/ IgA 4.86/crp12.86, mchc 310/esr 23.	Lab data Without a full history, physical exam and all labs cannot possibly provide further advice about this. Labs without a clinical basis for assessment are seldom of much value.
360656	Expected period is 4 days late, sore nipples, fatigue, cramping, internal white thick mucus, intercouse just after ovulation. Pregnancy possibility?	Could be Sounds like a 'could be' - go ahead and do a home test to get started.
1182861	If I have due date of 4/20 (verified by 3 ultrasounds), could I have gotten pregnant from sexual encounters that occurred on either 5/22 or 6/5?	Calculating Sex Conception calculators are all over the web. For a due date of 4/20/2014, sex had to occur 7/23/2103 to 7/28/2013. Your dates are not possible for this due date and they were not the sex that caused pregnancy.
1481323	I'm 5 weeks 4 days ultrasound showed gestational sac only hCG of 8,419.  Is this pregnancy normal?	Possibly The fetus is not always visible at this gestational age, but I can't exclude a blighted ovum with what you're reporting. In my practice, I would repeat your hcg a couple days later and repeat the US in 7-10 days.
898837	After a lumpectomy for stage 1 breast cancer, will a doctor always assign that you get radiation treatment, or does it depend on the patient?	Most likely Trials have shown that lumpectomy folllowed by radiation for early stage breast cancer is equivalent to mastectomy. All women benefit from an improvement in local control, that is preventing the cancer from coming back in the breast. Women younger than 70-75 also are likely to live long enough to see a survival advantage after radiation therapy as well.
898834	How common are breast cyst and could a 20 year old get breast cancer?	Very common Many women have cysts or other benign fibroglandular breast densities. These are not worrisome; you can have a breast examination by your primary provider to address anything concerning. Young women have dense breasts, so if there is an area of concern ultrasound would most likely be the Next Choice to evaluate the area of suspicion. It is possible to get breast cancer at 20, but it's super rare.
283305	This month a day before my period was due I started spotting brownish red and pink for five days with very little blood on my pad all when I wiped on the tissue my breasts are sore and im tired and hungry all the time with dry chap lips?	Doctor can evaluate There are many reasons to be tired, quite a few reasons to be hungry, and several reasons for sore breasts. A primary care doctor can evaluate to see what might be happening. There could be a hormonal problem, and the doctor can do a urine pregnancy test to rule that out. Other tests, such as blood tests, can help look for causes of hunger and fatigue.
131698	Hsv 1. My partner 30 year old shows HSV 1 IgG detected. Igm  negative. She says she has not had cold sores since childhood. Can she tramit HSV 1 to me?	Yes Igm is + when getting infection for the 1st time, then becomes negative, it may become + with a flare up. Igg stay + forever. We get hsv1 (fever blister) mostly from our parents (kissing). Some people get flare ups frequently (stress , a cold...), other never get them but still can shed it (pass it to other). You probably have it (from your parents).
1485668	I missed my Depo-Provera  shot and had unprotected sex and bled for 7 days then stopped could I be pregnant? Please help	Sure If you missed your DEpo shot and then had sex then you were not on birth control and pregnancy is possible. If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. Restart birth control as soon as you can if you do not want to be pregnant. Use condoms until then.
949905	Should i go to ER if my glands are swollen a little feeling light headed sweating feel like my heart is beating fast feet and hands tingling and cold?	Do not go to ER No. There is nothing there that would require the expensive and intense evaluation provided in the er. I would recommend seeing your family doctor first thing on monday.
523207	8months it has been since ACL surgery and i started playing soccer and i feel a slight pain on the left side of my knee. Is this normal? Is this bad?	Tough to say I have done thousands of acl's and a little pain is not scary, however if it persists, there is locking or instability, it should be checked by your suegeon.
6717020	I'm about 6 days past ovulation. Bad cramps, nausea, dizziness, no appetite & strong smells make me sick. Also lower back ache& headaches. Pregnant?	All of these .... ... are possible symptoms or signs of pregnancy, but they are also signs and symptoms of many other things! (But your many symptoms do sound suspicious!) The most reliable sign of pregnancy is missing your period! You only have about 8 more days to wait . .. then wait a few more, and do a home pregnancy test. Good luck!
789196	Breast biopsy report said that they took 4 biopsies but pathology report said "3 cores measuring 8-9cm each". Why aren't there 4 cores?	It may be lost It is possible to have lost one of the biopsy cores during processing in pathology. Or maybe the pathologist assigned to your case simply made a mistake and wrote 3 instead of 4 cores. In any case, it is worth contacting the doctor managing your care or directly the pathology department at the institution the biopsy was made and asking them to investigate and find the reason for the discrepancy.
1117987	The discharge I have is thick, white and dries yellow on a sanitary pad. The discharge has no smell, no itching, and no burning.	Vaginal discharge Non odorous asymptomatic thick whitish discharge are usually caused by yeast. Though other consideration could be trichomonas, std or vaginosis though more likely to have fishy smell. May need exam.
262314	Hello im 35 missed three b.C. Pills begining of monty unprotected sex now missed period now brown discharge teo days negative pregnancy test?	Do a blood pg test See your gyn , u need a blood pg test and other blood work, an exam and ultrasound.
979458	I have symptoms of trigger finger in both hands, left more than right, carpal tunnel in left hand and numbness and tingling in the left.  What can cau?	Age Unfortunately, each of the conditions you have listed become increasing more common with advanced age. Best to see a hand surgeon as both of these conditions can be treated.
1451777	Bloating, constipation, cramps a week&1/2 after stopping bc midpack. Never ever have this with periods. What could it be? Unprotected sex 10 days ago.	Hormone disruption Oral contraceptives inhibit ovulation via hormone manipulation and stopping them abruptly can cause a number of side effects including the ones you mention. Most often stopping midpack causes menstrual bleeding. If unprotected sex was when you abruptly stopped the pills, very unlikely you could be pregnant. Good luck!
170459	What problems happen in the back of the knee besides baker's cyst. I have pain and swelling in the knee above the kneecap.?	Pain and swelling If you are having pain and swelling above the kneecap there are different possibilities. You could have problems with your quadriceps tendon insertion, arthritis, or something torn inside your knee.
993961	I have stomach cramps & bloating & flatulance for 10 days now. Developed loose motion today. Urgent care tests found microscopic bleeding in stool. Ulcer test negative.Motion is dark brown.Suggestion?	Occult gi bleeding May have invasive enterocolitis. You should see a GI specialist for a formal evaluation should include lab and stool studies and colonoscopy and possibly an egd.
6733714	M22. Coughing and feel sensation of lump in my throat, chest feels tight and congested and feel short of breath sometimes. Anxiety? GERD? Lung cancer?	Get seen Cancer is unlikely, I wold not be surprised if this was adult onset asthma, and you need a good physical exam
1312369	Have IBS..on hyosycamine 4x/day..stools have been hard and infrequent since diagnosis in March, and today changed to watery diarrhea...normal?	Frequently Constipation alternates with diarrhea. Check for food intolerance, esp lactose
55337	How do you get s staph infection on your upper breast area?	Staph infection Staph infections can occur from contact with an item that is colonized with the bacteria such as a shared towel or clothing. Some patients are carriers and the bacteria await a break inthe skin's defenses to gain entry and set up house. Eczema, scratching, injury, bra irritation with jogging, etc. Can open the skin and allow the bacteria to create an infection. See a doctor.
1119472	Recently started taking tramadol and flexeril. Should i be concerned about seizures if i've never had one before? None in family history either.	Check with your PCP About it. The combination of these meds might cause seizures, but that doesn't happen in everyone. Report any side effects to your pcp immediately. Good luck.
986820	Clear thick phlegm in throat. No cough or flu symptoms. Just stuffy nose and tired. Upper abdominal is sore.	Consider Trying a nasal steroid like Flonase at night. It may be all allergies. If used at night the steroid makes your post nasal drip into an antiinflammatory. A nettie pot will help as well. Get this better and see how everything else goes. Good luck.
1555646	Blue viens, sore and tender breasts. Back and stomach pain.. My period was a week late, but I'm bleeding lightly now after having sex. Am I pregnant?	Maybe definitely take a pregnancy test
6671460	On the 23rd March I tested on a urine dipstick and it showed some traces of Leukyotes, protein and high SG but two weeks before I took antibiotics for the UTI and it cleared up and then 27th March I had painful urination and I wiped and it was pink blood	Here are some ... The UA of 3/23/2015 suggests kidneys working well so with high SG & possible minor contamination from urine collection; otherwise, this UA was okay & you probably didn't need antibiotic. However, the described events on 3/27/2015 deserves active care for uncomplicated acute cystitis timely. If Hx suggests being complicated, a comprehensive evaluation & counseling are needed. So, ask Doc for detail
511228	I ran 101 fever  last night all night fever broke finally around five...I have a headache my head feels dizzy and i taste blood when i cough?	Flu Elevated temp headaches body aches. Followed commonly by bronchial manifest ions. Cough with viral bronchitis frequently salty taste.
580747	Yesterday morning, i felt four fingers(no thumb) of my right hand were numb very much, and this feeling ends till this morning, what was that reasonthnx?	Let me explain Numbness in the fingers have many reasons, the most common one to have what we carpel tunnel syndrome, please goggle that and see if you have the same.
1447916	Hi, I've got a few red prickly spots on my soft palate and a mild sore throat over the last 2 days. A similar thing occurred a few months ago. ?	Viral rash probably a low grade viral rash; however, without an exam, you should have it checked.
1306846	Good medication to relieve symtpoms of small fiber neuropathy with few side effects? Gabapentin caused too many side effects.	Other options includ You could try some other options. Two that I have used successfully include Lyrica which is similar to gabapentin, but is a newer generation. Older drugs such as amitryptyline ; nortriptyline may also help.
342870	My daughter has red spots on the bottom of her feet that hurt very bad.She started with a fever and bad headache two days before, followed by a stinging or as she put it shocking painful sore throat and now her feet with red spots and painful, please help	I suggest you take Your daughter to her dr. She may have hand foot mouth disease. Its viral.
1308998	I heard you can still get genital sores from  hsv1 if your partner has it and you practice oral sex. Is this true? Even if he never gets cold sores?	Herpes If you have not been infected with hsv 1 then you can get infected wherever you are exposed. Of course this is true if he is infected on his lips or tongue. Having a sore is now known to be meaningless in the discussion of who is contagious. All infected with herpes are contagious but we cannot test for where or how often they are contagious. If you have hsv 1 you cannot get it again.
276509	I had what I thought was a yeast infection and used monostat1. Now I have small white bumps along inner labia. Could I still have a yeast infection?	Bumps Not impossible, burt better get examined by health provider.
1273346	Is breast tenderness, mild cramps and bloating a week before expected period considered normal?	Can be normal Probably just normal. See what happens wiuth this period. If it doesn't come, check a pregnancy test.
1027980	Tickly throat overnight; blood in phlegm, not coughed up -drawn up;temperature, stuffy nose, particularly behind eyes. Sinusitis? When to see doctor?	See doctor The time to see the doctor is now. Have him check your throat to see if you have a strep. He can also determine if you have sinusitis at this time.
1451034	I have a tiny bump on my bottom lipline for 2-3 months it looks like a pimple &feels a bit hard. I tried popping but its no use it has a dot in the center. And sometimes when i try popping it a clear liquid comes out?	See doctor What you described sounds like a pilonidal cyst and it would be prudent to see your doctor for a proper treatment. If you are overweight, losing weight would help in healing and preventing recurrence.
110947	Tiny itchy growth on skin.  Itches up like a bug bite only after I scratch it?	Papular urticaria A localized form of hives that comes up after you scratch it is called papular urticaria, and often it is indeed caused by a bug bite. Try applying over-the-counter Hydrocortisone cream instead of scratching it. If it persists, see a dermatologist.
286092	I have some itchy white bumps in my scalp.  Is it safe to color my hair?	Read instructions Most, if not all, hair color agents advise a skin test for allergy to components b4 doing the hair. White bumps may be dandruff or seborrheic dermatitis, that may respond to selsun blue shampoo (with selenium) or anti-fungal shampoo like nizoral. Try to get scalp under control b4 coloring hair & do test on skin first.
1358513	Ive been prescribed Amoxicillin(augmentin)and predniSONE 5mg(6 day pack).will i get side effects from the prednisone?should i not take it?	Side Effects Can occur with any medication, however if you were prescribed this medication, it was for a reason. take your medication how it was prescribed.
303906	Is mammogram or ultrasound best for early breast cancer detection?	Mammo/US Mammo is the standard of care for screening. Mammo is approximately 80% sensitive for detecting breast cancer, and detects 3-5 cancers per 1000 patients. Sensitivity decreases in women with dense breasts. Ultrasound detects approximately 2-3 cancers per 1000 patients. Ultrasound performs better in dense breasts, mammo performs better in fatty breasts.
277901	Do I have cold or sinus infection? Runny/stuffy nose, itchy scratchy throat, top right teeth seem sore, and my front right tooth has become super sensitive to temperature over night, now I seem to be feeling very cold, a dry cough and very chapped lips	Possibly Sinus infections often cause upper teeth, especially molars, to become painfully and hypersensitive because the roots of these teeth and the nerves that exit them are in close proximity with the sinus floor. Sinus infections sometimes change your bite makeing the infected side hit first when you close since the bone underneath the teeth can swell. See a dentist to rule out dental pathology
1509421	Bought some Mucinex dm today for cough and chest congestion. I also take 20mg of Lexapro. Drugs dot com says major interactions.  Uhhhh? Can I take?	Ask pharmacist or Dr This is very troubling indeed. And everything I've read supports what you found. Don't risk a potentially life-threatening interaction but do try to find an alternative to Lexapro w/ your doctor. It's not the guaifenesin part, so you could take Mucinex pills and gargle w/ salt water for throat pain and drink honey-lemon-tea-(bit of bourbon). Sorry, but you actually may find this to work better!
233537	Is a little pus on my partial knee replacement sight where the stitch is anything to be concerned about a month after surgery?	Yes,see your surgeon "pus" at a surgery site always potentially concerning. It could be something relatively minor such as a buried absorbable stitch irritating the skin, or it could be a very serious problem of a deep infection in the joint. Only your surgeon should make that call and do it asap!
6765875	My feet start off very very itchy & then when I start walking they hurt really bad & are a little red on the bottom but not much.	Athletes foot itchy red feet me because by fungal infection called tinea pedis or athletes foot. You may need to try a topical antifungal medication for 2 to 3 weeks to alleviate your symptoms. If your symptoms do not go away you may need to see a podiatrist for further evaluation.
6655692	Child,15monthold, fever of 103 for 3,5 days, brings down after Advil/Tylenol. Eats/drinks well. A little bit runny nose, slight cough.Can wait or doc?	Fever with that high temp it is always advisable to have him evaluated. sometimes a child can have 3-4 days of high fever and as the fever goes down they break out into a rash this condition is called Roseola Infantum which is viral in nature.
1258082	I have fevers, sore throat(now feels like something is stuck in it), extremely swollen gums that render me unable to eat, sleepiness, and weakness.	Please see a doctor. This looks like a medical condition which needs immediate attention. Please go to ed and evaluated.
1440459	Clear skin down there before I shaved and the next day I have a couple red bumps. Not sure if I'm having a recurrent herpes outbreak ?	Likely folliculitis Your description sounds more like pseudofollicultis pubis than herpes, given the timing with shaving. It is due to irritation or occlusion of hair follicles possibly from using a blunt razor, sharing contaminated razor, or shaving too close. Keep area clean. Stop shaving for ~4wks, then try disposable single blade razor with moisturizing shave cream. If worse, may need antibiotics.
551425	I have a itchy (rash?) on my  left breast. It's only on about half of the breast, and it's spotty. Is this an irritation to something?	Allergy or fungal? If the rash is only on one side, it maybe something you got in contact with, if it is spreading and mostly under the breast, it can be fungal. Can you clarify the location of the rash?
1355595	Can swollen lymph nodes in your neck cause food to get stuck in your throat?	Probably not But it can feel like it w/ globus pharyngis. Slowly drink tepid water to show that a passage is clear. A likely reason is anxiety which psychotherapy may help. For DIY relief, gently warm your throat w/ a cloth - then w/ posture straight, stretch neck back till looking up. Do slow tilting/rolling of head and gently massage the tightened muscles on neck sides lengthwise till they relax. Best
6640940	Leftside elbow pain/numbness wrist/finger tips numbness, shoulder pain left side of left breast both upper part of back, not all time some ?	Pinched nerve Because patients having cardiac problems can have these symptoms, you should have this ruled out. But the most common cause is an irritation of a nerve in the neck by a bone spur or herniation that can cause pain or numbness that runs down the arm into the hand. An MRI can usually show the cause of the problem if it does not resolve. Thank you for the question.
949564	I had twisted knee i had almost complete tear of mcl&sprain of ACL when can I be back to sport?	Depends This is dependent on a few things including your physicians protocol, and quad strength. The protocol i follow begins light straight line jogging at three months post op. Consult with your physician and/or physical therapist.
1431899	I had protected sex on 7/27 and 7/28 and its now 7/31 and im having cramps and tender breast, my period is supposed to be coming, can i be pregnant.?	Get EC If you don't want to become pregnant, get some emergency contraception (EC) from the pharmacy, drugstore, or grocery store. You can take it up to 5 days after unprotected sex. It's too soon to tell if you're pregnant, but if you are, the EC won't affect it.
1239665	Got 2 blood test done first one the hCG was at 10 and the second was at 5. I am still currently getting positive urine test results though? Pregnant?	Why are U testing You are not pregnant. Why do you continue to test? What did your physician tell you?
258235	What's the difference between warts on your hands and the warts on your genitals caused by hpv?	Different strains Over 120 different types of hpv. Different types infect different parts of body. Most are harmless, easily treatable and not precancerous. Some produce warts that are easily seen and others growths that are nearly invisible. The ones on your hands, feet and other locations are just a different strain of the hpv. Strains 16 and 18 cause cervical and oral cancers.
572085	Persistent  painless lower belly bloat/pressure, stool sticks to bowl, normal color, no blood., split stream urine for years.Symptoms not progressing. Colon cancer? No fam history.37 yrs old.	Diverticular disease Inadeuqate fiber in your diet is the most likely explanation based on your question. This will lead to diverticulosis and diverticulitis. Even if not present, your colon is having to contract excessively hard to propel your stool. This alone can cause your symptoms. You may need colonoscopy, but i would try a full complement of meta, ucil for several weeks and try to get 24g of fiber per day!
1464712	4mo post baby. I bfed 1mo. 12yrs post breast aug. Had 1st period 10d ago but breasts itchy&sore for 2wks. I *think*1 maybe firmer than other. Cancer?!	Get checked Chances are everything is ok, but for your peace of mind, you should be checked. He fact that the symptoms taper on both sides suggests a benign condition.
1188033	Hello dr. I have pain in r rear side of r knee. Difficulty bending , pain when seated. Otherwise strong and stable. Mri: grade4 chrondo. Leaking cyst. Can pt help? Or is surgery usually preferred? Thx	Hi Sometimes meniscus tear partially, could be source of some pain. The chondromalacia suggest degeneration of cartilage, another possible source of pain. Sitting could put pressure in some of this areas, like knelling. Exercise, strength quads beneficial. Surgery only when pain daily, severe, or doesn't allow you to walk properly. Consider visco-supplementation.
1281444	I have terrible hay fever and symptoms are acting up big time - runny nose, red eyes, sneezing, congestion. What can I do? What medication works best?	Multiple Anti histamine as a start steroids nose spray eye drop such as patnol make sure you know what you are allergic to as you may start these medication next year before the season hits you as preemptive.
1281441	This is my first pregnancy.Found rubella igg-55 iu/ml and igm-10 and ESR -27 mm/hr and pcv - 34.50%, mch-25.70 pg , mcv-75.80 fl, rdw-16.80%.  ?	Ok That means you are protected from precious vaccinations rest of labs r normal.
1199263	Had unprotected sex 7th feb, 9th had period 10th had unprotected sex on 23rd now having tiny spotting of blood is this a implantation bleed/pregnant?	Implantation bleeding is much more common on the internet than in real life. It occurs rarely and exclusively in someone who is pregnant. The only way to know if someone had implantation bleeding or just irregular menstrual bleeding is to wait and see if you are pregnant. If your test is positive then this was implantation bleeding. If it is negative then it is just irregular menstrual bleeding.
6716373	Can showering,douching,wiping prevent pregnancy at all if semen has come in contact or near vagina,vulva?	Not at all None of those things will help decrease the risk of pregnancy after intercourse. Use over the counter Plan B if intercourse was within 72 hours to decrease the risk of unplanned pregnancy. Then see a doctor to start birth control to avoid these scares in the future.
74487	What are symptoms of ovarian cysts and ectopic pregnancy? I have nausea pain on left pelvic area and pressure and tightness. Have to unbotton jeans	More severe pain A tubal/ectopic pregnancy is a serious problem and should be seen asap. For severe pelvic pains, you should be seen emergently. If you do not think it severe see your regular doctor.
6735925	After I went swimming, the next day, I blow my nose, it sounded as if my hearing was plugged in my right ear. Now a few days later, I woke up and I couldn't hear, it was like very very muffled, still is. I had my GP look at my ears, say it's wax build up,	Ear wax What is the question?
406032	My son has had an earache for a couple of days with stuffy nose, now his jaw is swollen, is this sinus infection? Ear ache. Swollen jaw	?swollen lymph nodes if this is severe he should see the dr again to see if he needs a change of antibiotics or lab work
807334	Tingling sensation on right leg right through buttocks to the feet. Could this be serious?	Possibly It sound as if your have nerve compression in your lower back (sciatica). Have it evaluated. There are several treatment options available.
1363900	Seeing neuro for chronic foot burning, skin burning, tingling. Never had B12 checked but been on 110ug daily for a year- cud it still be low? Causes?	It could It could still be low because some people have difficulty with absorption through the stomach and need to get shots to bypass it so you should still get the level checked. The bad news is that if you have a sensory motor neuropathy the list of causes is enormous and hepatitis c is on that list. The treatment to reverse it is removal of the offending agent which may or may not be possible
553733	I bend my knee then  straighten my leg it hurts really bad for about a minute where i can't walk, i had surgery below the knee bc MRSA could that be y?	See Ortho If the pain is in your knee, then an orthopedist should evaluate it & you for the source of problem. Lower leg surgery / infection might cause pain upward, not too likely, but ortho can evaluate this as well.
1395158	After 8-10 drops from nose.had smthing continuously cming from my throat secretion with blood..it happend a week before also only from my left nostril?	Likely related. The nose drains into the back of your throat, so throat secretions often contain the same substance as when you blow your nose. Nasal dryness, trauma, allergies, and infections can all cause dry, fragile tissue in the nose that is prone to bleeding, often just on one side. Try nasal saline gel, salt water nasal rinses, or a humidifier to control this. Talk to your doc if it continues.
6636650	Can a pheochromocytoma cause nausea, nightly heart pounding/tachycardia (up to 174bpm), massive headaches, dizziness and feeling of generally unwell?	Yes But you're missing a big one: high blood pressure.
6711352	Small bouts of diarrhea for 24 hours, some body aches, slight fever and occasional chills, small tension headache. Diagnosis?	Remember Your a minor so you should review this with your parents. This may very well be a case of any number of viruses causing enteritis. But you need to keep hydrated and may consider a bland diet, that may be easier for you to digest. If you are having trouble keeping food down, significant abdominal pain or bloody diarrhea seek an in person evaluation.
1171797	Knee pain pos ANA high ESR but normal X-ray  so what could be wrong and what should be next step? I am overweight could this be from that?	No High ESR may suggest anemia, inflammation, cancer or infection.
6736740	Random pains in my jaw the last day or so. A few days ago my left leg was aching all day.  Random pains in my left arm lately.  Heart related?	Unlikely but Unlikely, but with any pain in the left arm and jaw, you should routinely check with your MD or ER ASAP.
1318906	What would cause a rash on the top of hands/feet/elbows after spending time in the sun? The rash on my feet was turning purplish/itchy/raised.	Sun rash solar dermatitis, you are more sensitive or allergic to the sun. Limit exposure and use sunscreen with high SPF. If you are already using sunscreen of course you could be sensitive to it, consider changing to one used in children, hypo-allergenic
1579265	What skin yeast infection cream is safe for vagina besides monastat?	Others vagistat, gyne-lotrimin
6723260	2months ago I got stomatitis sore trough fever neck lymph node enlargement &parotitis.Lost appetite.mono test neg.I'm recovered but I lost weight now.	Loss of weight Symptoms such as; Lymph node enlargement, fever, and loss of weight are worrisome in a 71 year old person. You may be recovering from some inflammatory of infectious cause. however, I would highly recommend you, check your doctor for additional work up.
952518	Which is better for insect bites, hydrocortisone or Benadryl ?	Both Benadryl orally will help decrease allergic reaction and cortisone ointment will help itch as long as not infected.
1309485	I have been really nauseous for 2 weeks. Had blood test to check hCG level on friday. It was <2.39. Monday it is at a <6? Pregnant? Is it possible? I	Not pregnant Your nausea is not due to pregnancy. You have no hcg.
1607226	White patch on one side of throat. Minimal post nasal drip.  No fever. No swollen lymph nodes. Very sore throat. Only on path area. ?	Be seen Please see your doctor today or tomorrow and be examined properly. the white patch could be yeast or leukoplakia and may require treatment. The sore throat may be associated or may not be other than a viral process. Feel better.
897040	Is it normal for someone that isn't allergic to wasp to swell really bad? I got stung on the top of my eyelid & now my cheek and eye is swollen. Help	Not unexpected That's what its venom is supposed to do if you don't have other symptoms, no further workup is needed.
6708886	Can a bone spur on femur be remover with the lapriscopic method of surgery? it's on right femur above knee but isnt connected to knee directly.	Bone spur not likely to be feasible if it is outside of the knee joint
1604750	UTI or endo? pain, pressure and blood and tissue in urine. 3 episodes in last 3 weeks. Excruciating pain. No sign of infection	Not sure By endo pain, I am not sure what you mean--? endometriosis I presume. Not sure what you mean no sign of infection---has someone looked at your urine and done a culture?? If not, then that needs to be done in order to rule out UTI. Your symptoms sound like UTI but endometriosis can cause some of these same symptoms. Make appointment with your health care provider soon to figure this out.
951112	Woke up in the middle of the night with a burning type sensation in my lower chest which faded in and out. Is this indigestion/heart burn?	?GERD At your age the most probable cause is gerd gastro esophageal reflux. Stomach contents especially when they contain irritants like alcohol can reflux from the stomach into the esophagus when lying down, and cause burning in the esophagus. Try an ant acid like tums when you have the pain and see if it relieves it. If this continues you should see your doctor about this.
62504	Are there any effective over-the-counter meds. For severe scalp breakouts? (bumps, pimples and itchy rash).  I need help asap, this is out of control.	May need antibiotics Rashes are difficult to describe in words. If a person has recurrent pimples on places where regular acne doesn't occur, he likely has infection in skin glands and/or hair follicles. A primary care doctor or a dermatologist can look at the skin and make a diagnosis. The doctors can prescribe oral antibiotics or creams/ointments as needed. Sometimes the bacteria are resistant to antibiotics.
534843	Unprotected sex with my husband jan 1st then got brown discharge that turned into a light period  then red/brown dc on jan7th for two weeks, pregnant?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Purchase and perform a home pregnancy test. They become positive about the same time that you're a week late. If it's negative, repeatit in one week and call your doctor.
1528219	Help throbbing toenail groove 1 year after surgery no signs of regrowth could this be scar tissue from phenol?	Phenol ??? Phenol is the cauterizing agent that kills the root of the nail. Scar tissue from the procedure is a possibility. More than likely not enough of the side of the nail was removed and the rest of the nail is digging in the side- recurrent ingrown. See your podiatrist.
143998	Is diarrhea always more of a symptom of inflammatory bowel disease or can constipation be the main symptom?	Not usually As diarrhea is more common. That being said cd may present with constipation.
1113741	1 year old daughter with diarrhea and occasional vomiting with no fever and other symptoms except no urine output  for 10hours now. Any suggestions?	Fluids If you are not giving your daughter enough fluids to be peeing regularly this is the first and most vital place to start. Mothers learn to be very creative in getting fluids into their children. Please hydrate her.
572438	Is it safe to douche with pure water and a probiotic to put good bacteria in the vagina?	No Cdc does not recommend douching.
6668798	TIA while driving hi-way!  Hospital did CT, MRI, ECG, EKG, Echo of neck & heart. MRI/ CT showed many tiny strokes!  What tests next? See's Cardio Wed.	Cardiac event Monitoring. Suggesting an embolic mechanism. Also a transesophageal echocardiogram may be needed. Most likely you will end up needing anticoagulation, Coumadin or the newer ones.
1126614	I have one swollen tonsil, jaw pain, i feel very hot and light headed. I have a sore, inflamed throat&it hurts to swallow. Also i'm congested. Help!	Sore throat While you may have strep throat or just a viral infection, an exam and a throat culture is in order, but also a test for mono. If strep, do not take the chance of a worsening infection or the sequelae of untreated infection on heart, joints, skin and brain, rare but does occur. See your doctor.
918513	My labia minora is been very itchy for three days now. I have no smelly discharge. I am 20 and sexually active with one partner(condoms all the time).	Vulvitis Vulvitis can be caused by many things. Common culprit is yeast (any discharge?) but also irritants as lubricants, pantyliners or thongs/nylon underwear can cause this. Wear loose clothing, don't scratch and if you have a thick white discharge see your doctor for some treatment. Epsom salt baths help too.
1529284	What STD causes some painless pimples on genitals that spread?	Viral infections Molluscum contagiosum virus infections or papilloma virus infections (ie. warts) are two possible causes. Other causes include herpes infections and syphyllis.
1550966	Im 27. very tender breast for last two days & lightheaded today.also cramps that feel like period is coming.period a week late. 3 neg pre test.why?	Likely going to have period very soon. these are signs of pre-menstrual syndrome (PMS)
810951	I have a habit of picking around my gums with a tooth pick.  Now I have a red swollen and very sore gum, what can I do.  Could it be infected?	Infected gum You have injured your gum with a tooth pick. Try to fliss instead and use mouth wash until you all heal up.
6749330	Waiting on colonoscopy, added higher fiber diet, difficult bowel movements, stool is normal width but stays together with thin core and test show microscopic blood, LLQ abdominal pain.  Is stool with thin core holding everything together normal?	Sure,I guess But, go ahead and get your colonoscopy. U have to track down where the blood is coming from.
571072	Is this colorectal cancer/ tumors?
Symptoms: annorexia, depression, bloody stools, abdominal cramping, diarrhea, constipation, fatigue over 4 mos.	A serious problem. At your age, colorectal cancer is not common. However, any rectal bleeding is serious and needs to be checked right away. See a gastroenterologist, you will need a colonoscopy(look into the colon) with possible biopsy. Good luck.
1437380	Day 1: vomiting diarrhea muscle and joint pain and groggy Day 2: nausea dizzy headache and groggy.. help?	B Cn now, lymes. .. ...presents like this, even if no tick bite noted. New tick around that leaves no sign like a bull's eye lesion we associate with lymes disease. Get titers done & @ this stage antibiotics should B started
190670	I wanted to know if u think I had a panic attack. The other day when me and my husband were fighting my throat felt like it was closing and my chest was hurting and I couldn't hardly breath.?	Perhaps These are symptoms of a panic attack. An individual will have several symptoms like this all at once that come on suddenly without a particular trigger. So while you had symptoms of a panic attack, you did not have a "full blown" panic attack.
877898	Sore throat cough realy tired taking cold and flu tablets sleeping heaps been in bed for 3 days also a sore ear should I see a doctor?	Flu? Yes, i would advise that.
6755275	Sound cancerous? 1 cm patch appeared on arm overnight. Dry and peeling when scratched, has brown mixed in it. No itching. Red skin after scraping off.	Try anti-fungal I an wondering whether this is ringworm. Cancer won't appear overnight. A topical agent like tolnaftate would be a good try. If there is no response, get seen.
1002596	How long does it take for chlamydia to cause pelvic inflammatory disease?	14 days Most chlamydia infections do not cause any symptoms. Pelvic inflammatory disease usually occurs 7-21 days after exposure if it occurs.
6735214	I had some warts frozen today with Liquid Nitrogen and they have gotten big painful blisters. How long will that last? Will they return?	Liquid nitrogen tx The blisters will eventually slough off in one to 3 weeks. New skin will appear beneath the scab. One treatment may or may not cure your warts. Time will tell if you need another treatment later on.
278909	I have chest pain. Is above my breast, left side and only feel the pain when I take deep breath. It happen on and off. Worry.?	Pleurisy Usually a pain that occurs with a deep breath is a sign of irritation of the tissues in the chest. Often, irritation of the internal lining of the chest (pleura) can feel like pain when the tissues become more irritated. Just a deep breath can cause the tissues to rub. An injury to the ribs of muscles can do this too. Get it checked out.
1291985	4 weeks post laproscopic gallbladder removal and having moderate pain in my abdomen. Left side upper deeper pain... Pancreatitis? Kidney stones?	Depends Unless you have a history of prior pancreatitis, it would not likely occur now (4 weeks after surgery). You may have gastritis from narcotic pain medication, constipation, etc, also, the sudden onset of kidney stones would be unlikely as well, unless you have a history of them. Call and see your surgeon for an evaluation.
6682370	I have what I think is a cyst/in grown hair in my groin What's the easiest way to get it to a head to pop it this is the 2nd one in 3montgs same spot?	See a doctor this is a very tricky location. there is a lot of other possibilities in that area that could be similar to a hair root or cyst problem. it could be a lymph node,abnormal blood vessel. so do not try anything by yourself. see a doctor.
6704778	Sore throat no congestion in chest or nose and ears feel clogged, body is achy ?	Maybe viral infectio For significantly sore throat w swollen tonsils / lymph nodes  see physician & get a strep throat test & culture. Antibiotics are imperative for Strep Throat. Try saltwater gargles. Mix tsp of salt in 8 oz of warm water  gargle w this several times/day. You can gargle w Aloe Vera juice a couple of times per day. A mix of chamomile tea w honey & a small amt of lemon juice helps. Take care.
6689221	Dizziness esp after waking up ,headache,swollen lymph nodes under armpit,fatigue,i found drops of blood on my external ear what causes these symptom?	Middle ear infection you might have a middle ear infection and should be examined to ensure you may not need antibiotics
1009017	Tiny fleshcolored bump clusters on upper cheeks &surrounds eyes, eyebrows &entire forehead.Not itchy noswelling.No change in makeupor anything not acne?	Keratosis Pilaris Please see a dermatologist for diagnosis and treatment.
566555	Liver area pain, 2 yrs - blood tests normal (elvated ast/alt), ultrasound results normal.Pain when working out, after drinking, or hookah tobacco.Why?!	Other possibilities Because your pain is in the area of the liver, it still may have another source. The right kidney is behind, the large intestine is in front. The pancreas and duodenum/stomach are under and next to. You have ribs above and around, and muscles on all sides. With the normal liver tests, you should work with your doctor to find the source - don't forget the ribs and muscles (working out pain?).
772513	Can i drink non alcoholic beer with irregular heart beat and kidney stones ?	Yes And the alcoholic kind, if not in excess. I trust that if the kidney stones are made of uric acid and you have gout, you're either being treated or will keep the alcohol use down.
1009012	I have had tenderness to left armpit and groin for months with soreness down side and leg what could be the cause dr. Says stress ?	Hard to say... The armpit and the groin are a couple of feet away from one another, but things that can occur in common are swollen lymph nodes, which can happen during certain infections or other diseases. Also, if one had an unusually strenuous day (such as helping a friend move out of a 3-bedroom house) the tendons and ligaments in an armpit and groin can be sore. If worried, a second opinion can be helpful.
566551	I have knee pain and swelling maybe erosion of cartilage
whats the treatment please ?	Many things Rest, ice, over the counter pain meds, and activity modification is a good starting point. Your orthopaedic surgeon can give you more specifics.
390185	I'm over 70, and i'm seriously considering a hair transplant to cover my bald spot, but am i too old? Does age play a part in whether a hair transplant is successful? Is there a certain age group that make the best candidates or does it work well at any a	Age Age is generally not a limiting factor in the success of a hair transplant. If you have healthy hair on the sides and/or back of your scalp, you're a good candidate for a hair transplant. I hope things go well!
1239894	If im on Zoloft 75mg mg trazadon 50mg ativan 1mg twice if i add Buspar can increase my libido and at what dose can help better?	Libido See your doctor to regulate your meds and dosages.
1527936	Are shingles, chicken pox and herpes all the same virus?	No, but related They are related but different. There are several human herpes viruses. All cause an initial infection, then lie dormant and may recur later. Herpes simplex viruses (HSV) types 1 and 2 cause oral and genital herpes. Chickenpox and shingles (herpes zoster) are caused by the same herpes virus, named varicella zoster virus (VZV), different than HSV. Shingles is a localized recurrence of chickenpox.
1329057	Left side of head is tingly and feels numb, sometimes pain. Can sometimes cause dizziness. Painkillers won't work. Is it a brain tumour?	Maybe It needs to be worked up , it can be caused by many different things and the list is broad , some possibilities include: migraines , tumor, partial seizure, trigeminal neuralgia and so in , I would suggest a neurology clinic eval if symptoms persist . ..
6681319	I had an iui 12 days ago and have been having bad cramps in my low back  and a little nauseous plus very sore breasts?	Let you doc know Pregnancy can give you nausea and sore breasts. You should let your infertility doctor know about the low back pain and cramping as it sometimes is a sign of trouble. Best wishes!
6770134	What could cause pain burning in left shoulder & bicep, weakness in arm.  1-10 pain is 3, daily but comes and goes for hours.  Does not increase or decrease with movement.  Sometimes radiates to chest, stiff neck muscle left side.  ?	TOO V CERVICAL DISC SX are suggest cervical disc disease vs TOO (THORACIC OUTLET OBSTRUCTION)When you cough, sneeze or hiccup, you increase intrathoracic pressure and flare pain. Please see your doctor and get an MRI of the cervical spine and MRA of RUE to evaluate both conditions . The 2 can overlap and a NEURO CONSULT for EMG(ELECTROMYELOGRAM) may be needed. Also labs b12/folic acid/TFTS
1386225	Coughing,congestion,runny nose,some sneezing, fever (100-102),bad stomach ache,can't keep food down, woozy and fatigued.Been a week and not any better?	See doctor Viral illnesses usually get better by a week. If you are still having significant fevers and cough you need to be checked for pneumonia or other significant infection!
6725223	I have neck & upper back 
pain. Went to turn my neck & not only felt the upper back crack but also heard the sound on top of head. Now it's sore. Is that normal?	No it is not no it is not . you need to see your doctor for evaluation, and treatment, and stop cracking your neck. proper evaluation will rule out any serious condition in the spine, and open the door for suggestion from the specialist of how to have a nice healthy spine. see a doctor.
559893	10 days on keflex for strep b group uti, still symtomatic (bladder pressure/freq urinate/back pain)but urine clear, could this be a kidney infection?	Thoughts... I'd want to know if the urine was clear looking or the urine culture clear. I would also look for other causes of your bladder pressure and back pain. Constipation can cause the symptoms you describe. Kidney infections can present with fever, one sided flank pain, painful urination and a positive urine culture, so what you're describing seems less likely to be that, but still possible.
1025691	Mom 83 has good blood pressure, no diabetes, active.  Grf of 40 now high creatine, normal urine. How serious is this. Please some good news. ?	Renal Dysfunction It means you are having problem with kidney function. Your kidney function is impaired. You have to consult your physician. Neglecting it is not good. If the cause is reversible, further deterioration can be prevented.
1294242	Itchy red rash on the back of neck, feels a bit painful and skin stretching, some clear and red pimple-like bumps. Mostly round quarter size patches?	Eczema vs infection This rash could be a dry skin patch like eczema that is now becoming a superficial skin infection. It is important that this be evaluated by a physician to determine the correct treatment. Eczema can be treated with topical steroids and moisturizers while an infection requires antibiotics.
6696821	I feel little discomfort on my right testicle area. I am also feeling nerve pain down my right hip, could be sciatica nerve.  I never got it check.	Discomfort I believe you answered your question. Having it looked at is excellent choice.
29378	I think I have an allergy to eyelash glues. My eyes get itchy, sore, and swollen. What can I do?	Stop using the glue. I know it seems obvious, but stop using the glue for a while. If the itching goes away, then try the glue again. If the itching comes back, then you have made your diagnosis, doctor!
1308465	I have little red bumps on the tip of my tongue, sore throat and lost my voice. My gums are also very sensitive and bleed when i brush them.	Gingivitis and flu You have 2 separate conditions. 1. Bleeding gums can be a sign that you are at risk for, or already have, gum disease. See your dentist. 2. Seasonal flu is very common viral infection. Usually the condition resolves on its own with home care. Drink water and get a good rest. Nsaids (e.g. Aleve) are also recommended every 6 hours for pain. If concerned, see your pcp.
401825	Cycle on 3/2-3/6. Sex 3/12, 13 & 14, sore breast 3/22 now cramping, bloating, urinating often. Bleeding on 3/30 am i pregnant? I am  17 and this is my first time with these symptoms, please help.	The The only way to tell whether you are pregnant or not is to take a pregnancy test. As doctors, the first thing we do when we hear a woman is having a light or missed period or abnormal spotting, we check a pregnancy test. You can either take a home pregnancy test as long as it has been 5- 6 weeks since your last normal period, or you can go see your doctor and they can test you. A home pregnancy test is 97% accurate if taken a week or more after the missed period. A blood test can tell if you are pregnant as soon as 7 days after conception and a doctor's urine pregnancy test can tell if you are pregnant around when you next period should come. There are other reasons besides pregnancy that can cause a woman to miss a period or have symptoms of pregnancy such as: stress, diet, excessive exercise or a hormone imbalance such as with a thyroid disorder or polycystic ovarian syndrome. If you continue to have an irregular cycle, you should give your doctor or your ob/gyne a call. Good luck!
1071687	Skin is numb from inner right ankle all the way to knee, pins and needle sensation when i touch.Started a week ago after i pressed a wart on front leg?	Wart Sounds like the wart is located directly on top of a nerve. The sensation is called allodynia or neuropraxia. The pressure on the nerve creates a miss firing sensation and different sensations. Get the wart removed. Avoid touching it.
338927	I have chest pain that last a long time off and on left arm numbness rapid heart beat. Mainly happens at night.?	Needs to get checked You are young, and heart attack is less likely, unless, of couse, you are a drug user, but there are plenty of things that may couse similar symptoms at your age, some of them are serious enough, bottom line, you need to go to the doctor and get it checked, it is the only way to find out what is causing it and make sure that you'll be ok.
1125839	I am 4 days late, have really bad cramps, nausea but haven't gotten sick yet, tender breast, lots of gas, and white discharge am i pregnant?	Too soon to tell Four days after a missed period is very soon for early signs of pregnancy. Breast engorgement often accompanies a period. I would wait for the next missed period and try a pregnancy test.
596925	My mom had the stomach flu and since she had it two weeks ago she can't get rid of the diarrhea and the stomach cramps. Is there an over the counter?	GASTROENTERITIS Low residue diet and try peptobismol for 1-2 days, if still not better consider seeing a ge doctor.
6793318	I have swelling in one of my wisdom teeth and the pain is unbearable I can't afford to go to the dentist will I get the necessary help at the clinic?	Perhaps Contact your local dental society for free/lost cost local options. Your MD can provide antibiotics to settle the infection down til you can see an oral surgeon.
907801	Yesterday, my legs felt like jello, i felt slightly dizzy and nauseous with dull left arm pain and migraine. I am on my period. Is this a heart attack?	Probably not This would be rare in an 18 year old, but you should see your primary care doctor for an evaluation.
363262	Headache, sore throat when swallow, fatigue and white coating mostly at back of tongue?	Possible Strep This could be strep throat, or another array of disorders. If it is persistant see your doctor.
364543	Is there anything i can do to help this kidney stone pass last saturday i had emergency surgery to break it down but its not passing and it hurts?	Kidney stone Lots of fluids, pain control with meds, urology followup closely.
1544197	Is florastor probiotic good for maintenance of IBS related symptoms? Also, by it being a yeast, is it safe for someone who has been in remission from C.diff colitis? Lastly, when taking florastor, is it normal to have stomach rumbling and extra gas if you	Not great data For most probiotics and IBS and/or in the use of c. diff. It's not likely to harm you and may even help you, as everyone's body responds differently and has a different natural gut flora(bugs in the gut). You can always use it for 4-6 weeks and see how you feel. If you feel better and it's not costing you too much then no big deal and if it doesn't help consider stopping it.
6731820	Chronic fatigue, tiredness, general "out of it" feeling, back/flank pain, GERD, IBS, migraine headaches, palpitations, waking from sleep with racing heart, low vitamin d levels, ferritin level of 14, TSH fluctuations; what could this be?	No single entity I don't think any single "syndrome" can cause everything you're experiencing. The ferritin of 14 suggests that your bone marrow iron stores are low & you're at risk of iron-deficiency anemia which can cause fatigue. Thyroiditis can cause changes in TSH levels & may contribute to fatigue & palpitations. A low Vitamin D level in your age is usually nutritional. Discuss all this with your doctor!
992104	A few days ago i noticed a single small red bump in my groin. It itches and the bump is also below the skin and hasn't gone away. Is it serious?	No But it may need to be removed if it is an infected boil. Recommend you consult with your family doctor about this. Best wishes and don't wait because you do not want an infection to enlarge.
1119115	Pain/inflamm at post sup iliac spine. Hip popping/pain around same time, then knee pain. 3 weeks duration. Responsive to nsaids. History of  lbp. Cause?	Too many choices Too many choices to tell you a cause. A thorough history and exam would go a long way to answering that question. One detail can change everything. Sorry. PSIS or Sacriliac joint?...The list goes on.
1601721	For weeks now i've had sever gas build up. I have mild cramps all in my adomen mostly my right ribYesterday morning it felt like i had diarrhea but no?	IBS ? Teenage female with "few weeks of gas & abdominal cramping" needs Gastroenterology consultation to rule out celiac disorder, lactose intolerance, and irritable bowel syndrome, IBS.
1400880	How long do Hemorrhoids(Internal) take to heal?I had itching recently,and today had bits of blood on stool (already had Colonoscopy).Doesn't hurt much	Can take up to 2 wks Most important, is prevention of these hemorrhoids. Often times it comes as a result of constipation, or not drinking enough liquids. If you're using any prescription like Proctofoam HC right now to bring relief, that will get you through this healing. However, the best advice is to do regular exercise like walking, eating a high-fiber diet, drinking enough liquids, and not holding your stool in, and pooping at least 2 to 3 times a day. This would help in your preventive efforts.
1431569	Migraine nausea dizziness little blood  in urine. Cramping in stomach. Diariah sensitive to smells. General feeling  of tired. What's wrong? 6 days.	Here are some ... If just running over the past 6 days, you may be experiencing a bout of viral invasion to your body with insufficient health at this time. Hopefully, if yes, its course runs through quickly. If not getting better slowly or worsening, see PCP or urgent care ASAP. Besides, your medical profile indicates you've a big room for self improvement for your mental & physical health if you are willing to..
233298	2wks ago twisted& popped elbow, tingles, swollen, bit bruised, can't extend, locks up, still doing activities such as tumbling & stunting...? Hurts	Let it heal It sounds scary based on your description, but you are still able to do tumbling and stunts suggest that the injury is not serious. It seems you sustainted a pretty good sprain and some bleeding/swelling which reduces range of motion a bit. I would recommend doing gentle rom, take it easy, use some motrin/aleve for 1-2 wks and allow it to heal. If not better in couple of weeks, call doc. Good luck.
1286502	After an unprotected sex I am not sure whether sperms enterd the vagina. How can I check it, or prevent from pregnancy? Are birth control pills hrmful?	Pill risk Pill risks are less than pregnancy related risks. Condoms will keep those sperms out.
319950	What are normal breathing sounds for 92 yo? All night long has gasps, lapses, loud breaths, not typical snoring. Never noisy before. Sleep apnea?	Not normal These are typical signs of sleep apnea, a condition which involve periods of ten seconds or more without breathing (apnea) and periods of time with shallow breathing and a significant decrease in blood oxygen levels (hypopnia). This condition can be diagnosed by a sleep specialist with either an overnight at home sleep test or at a sleep clinic.
610166	I have low blood pressure and when i stand up to fast my head hurts and i feel kind of dizzy. What can I do to stop the headaches and dizziness?	Stand slower You are experiencing what is called "orthostatic hypotension", which can actually cause you to pass out. Some medications or dehydration can exaggerate this response. Drink lots of water, take lots of time when standing, and talk to your physician.
1355830	What causes a ten second vibrating sensation in right side of chest?   No ther symptoms.  Slightly congested.fear cardiac. PCP says heart ok.	Muscle twitch? It could be due to an involuntary twitching of a muscle between the ribs. I don't know any serious disease for which that is the only symptom.
1546213	My husband currently takes Celexa, Xanax and Ambien. Is this a safe combination? Should he ask his doctor to prescribe a better combo?	Depends Xanax and ambien together . ...depending on the dose and proximity can be a problem.
1186410	I've had pain on the right side of my neck just below my jaw, hurts to swallow, tender to touch, causes headaches, stiff neck, no fever, any ideas?	Neck pain Lots of ideas, but you need a full detailed evaluation rather than idle speculation. See a doctor, and if necessary an ENT specialist. Do not ignore this since it may prove quite severe. Good luck.
643798	Iam four days on my period my last menstruation was feb 22 2013 li've been having really bad cramping and watery discharge breast sore at times?	Painful periods There are many treatment options for painful periods. Ibuprofen is a good over-the-counter medication. There are many hormonal treatments. There is a nonhormonal medication called lysteda. If you are wondering if you're pregnant simply check a home pregnancy test. That's not likely since you're on your menstrual cycle.
863674	30 weeks pregnant& vagina constantly itches&burns when i shower&sometimes when i pee but only if the pee touches the outside of vagina what could this b?	Vaginal irriatation This sounds like a contact dermatitis or irritant dermatitis to your clothing, laundry detergent or to pads if you wear them. Only use half the amount of laundry detergent, double rinse all underwear. Stop wearing pant liners if you do. Apply plain vaseline every time you go to the toilet. See your md too.
357835	Can i take biotin together with vitamin b complex to tame my acne?Can I use benzoyl peroxide aswel?Which one is more effective, cream or gel?	BP is better Biotin and vitamin b complex are fine but don't expect a miracle when it comes to acne. Benzoyl peroxide will give you better results by far. If your skin is dry, use the cream. If it's oily, use the gel.
1201667	After doing squats for the 1st time, I have knots in my legs (5-6in above knees)it is painful to touch and to stand/sit?	Need more info Are the 'knots' something you can see or just a feeling? Also do you have any other conditions or take any meds? That could really help figure this out.
699571	Painful/swollen knee -  pain/swelling now spreading to upper thigh also starting to affect other knee no injury-what could this be from?For months now	Many possibilities The knee is an important weight bearing joint with a complex inner and outer structure. Your pain could be as a result of many different things. A thorough history and physical exam and possibly some laboratory and radiology exams are needed to determine the exact cause. Causes of pain may include: trauma (fracture, tendon or ligamentous tear, arthritis), infection, and metabolic conditions.
331696	I have nf type one. Could it be causing sick headaches sore eyes and dizziness i've been feeling lately?	Not likely Nf can certainly cause headache and visual changes but not usually the soreness you describe. Very important to see your usual primary care md (?Neurologist) to be sure.
184291	Is hydrocodone and ibuprofen safe to take together at the same time?	Yes. Ibuprofen is metabolized in the kidneys while hydrocodone is cleared by the liver. They are used together at times.
1068721	I have bumps like zits on the rim of the head of my penis there white and I have had them forever never paid attention but this is not normal what wro?	Normal These are called pearly penile papulesand are totally normal.
1068231	Woke up with eye mucus & crust on lashes; both eyes. Eye's aren't red; no pain. Stuffy nose, voice sounds congested; no cough. Sinus infection?	Probably not Most sinus infections do not cause eye symptoms like you are describing. That sounds like an infection/irritation of your eyelashes called blepheritis. That can be treated with baby shampoo rinsing of the eyelashes. The other symptoms are most likely from allergies or an early respiratory infection. Sinus infections when they do occur do not usually need antibiotics.
1008529	Headache followed by nausea and dizziness. Dizziness worsened when sitting up. Nausea worsened when lying on stomach. No sweating or fever. Any help?	Water Make sure to drink plenty of water, this should help with any head aches, you may feel like you are hungry but drink plenty of water and if the feeling hasn't gone away let me know :].
6628621	Right ear pain, sore throat, soft tissue in mouth sore on right side, ear stings when swallow, have flu syndrome but no flu (from doctor). Help!	See below Many other viruses can give the same symptoms of flu. Alot depends on what your doc found on physical exam and what is prevalent in your community. If not improving in next 24-48 hours it would probably warrant a re-check.
980608	There's grade 2 anterolisthesis of L5 on s1 with severe loss of disk height. Moderate loss of disk height at l3-4 and l4-5. Pars defects l5. Needsurg?	Back pain Depends on the findings and your pain and also your functional limitations.
677450	Can clotrimazole 2% cream with 3 applicators for yeast infection can be applied externally on vulva not only inside of vagina- if itching is present ?	Yes It works inside and outside.
526634	Mri shows loss of cartilage from severe arthritis and bone ontop of bone is very painful i can't bare weight on my legs will i need knee surgery?	Knee pain Please check the answers to all the similar questions you asked. Obviously max out on conservative before tka.
6688066	Extreme fatigue. Fall asleep in car, standing. Abdominal pain, blood in loose stool, normally constipated, extreme joint and back pain.fog head dizzy?	See your doctor see your doc for a physical examination and some tests to evaluate the blood in your stool
58537	Odor of the vagina after shower no discharge burning or itching?	BV Bacterial vaginosis (bv) is the most common vaginal infection. It is an overgrowth of normal vaginal bacteria, not a sexually transmit disease. The vaginal pH gets elevated releasing the fishy odor. It is easily fixed with antibiotics. Ask to be tested for bv. Other infections are possible so get tested.
589339	I have a hard lump behind my knee that comes and goes it causes a big bulge at the back it can be painful when walking and feels tight what is it?	Cyst? That is a common area for a fluid filled cyst to occur - usually in one of the the tendons of the posterior knee. .. Also known as a baker cyst. Should be looked at by md and evaluated -.
569047	Liver transplant with a platelet count of 31. I've had hep c for 25 years and now have cirrhosis. Will they operate on me with my platelets  situation?	Liver transplant No.
843643	Should someone who is not pregnant have hCG in their blood? Does a small amount of hCG weeks before the missed period indicate one could be pregnant?	Hcg If you are not pregnant and you have a detectable level of hcg, then you should be checked for the presence of a tumor that secrets hcg, because having HCG elevations apart from pregnancy is not normal.
525721	What can I expect post surgery for a scaphoid fracture?	Cast Use splint, physical therapy. Ortho will be specific.
1229923	Nauseous on "period" (withdrawal bleed). Second cycle of bcp. My blood hCG pregnancy tests are negative 6 weeks after last contact. Is this normal?	Likely normal Bcp may be associated with nausea in some women. If these symptoms persist after a next couple of cycles, you may wish to discuss the option of trying a different formulation, with your doctor. If pregnancy test is negative six weeks after last contact, you are not pregnant.
953225	Can i take tramadol and gabapentin together?	Yes Tramadol is an opioid. Gabapentin is an anti-seizure medication. You can take them together. However, they both can cause sedative effect.
1198055	I am 22 years of age and feeling left chest pain for 6 months when i lay down in night. Ecg, blood tests and X-ray are normal but i feel pain..!	Gastritis Try zantac for two weeks, it can be stomach pain. Talk to your doctor.
948734	What could stool changes sn itchy nose ears an blister bumps on right side of body an stomach pain bye belly button as well as overly emotional  is th?	Symptoms You have so many diverse symptoms and your typing makes it difficult to fully read. To be honest, it sounds like you should start by seeing your primary care doctor to actually lay eyes and hands on you, as well as to consider if labs or imaging studies are warranted. You should see a doctor.
6670692	I have two clear pimple like bump in the back of my mouth between the tonsils. It feel like it's a tonsil stone but it's not. How can I get rid of it?	Mouth lesions Hard to say. They most likely will go away on there own
6780706	Its been 4 mos. With diarrhea before I finish any meal. Gas/cramps/bloat. I was told it was too much soy meat, but I've cut it out for 1 mo. & nothing?	Diarrhea Omit milk and dairy products to make sure you don't have lactose intolerance. If no relief, see a gastroenterologist to rule out inflammatory bowel disease,
833921	I am having pink discharge. Not std, no itch, no burning. 1 sexual partner last 18 mos. Last period 6/5. Unprtcd sex 6/16. Mild cramping. Wht is this?	The pain in middle Of menstrual cycle likely is from from rupture of ovary ( mittelschmerz) and/ or implantation. See your gyn for any concerns. Take care! http://www.Drugs.Com/health-guide/mid-menstrual-cycle-pain-mittelschmerz.Html http://implantationcramps.Org/.
662778	Left side armpit, breast tenderness swelling burning left rib cage  burning down left leg, feel sick fatigue?	Family practice You should be seen by your dr.
486133	I feel pregnant, but my tubes are tied. I get migraine headaches everyday out the blue. I've taken 6 pregnant test and all are negative.?	See your doctor You describe an anovulatory cycle. This is a cycle where the ovary fails to release an egg, thereby disrupting hormone levels. Your doctor can do an exam and run some tests to sort everything out. The fact that you have underlying causes increases the likelihood of anovulation.
443091	I have a rash on my legs back of hands tops of feet it is little prickly white bumps that itch what is it? It really itches	Many possibilities There are many types and causes of skin rashes. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
6624099	Behind knee (burning)and calf (dull/sharp) pain that's been getting worse over the last 3weeks. X-ray normal ultrasound knee to groin normal. No injur?	Knee I think you should see your physician and ask an ultrasound. There csn still be other soft tissue pathology that does not show up on x ray like a Bakers cyst. Sounds like there is something pinching some nerves back there.
1426914	When I stand feels like my femur is pushing down hard on the tibia + tight. The feeling is behind the knee cap itself and both sides. Osteoarthritis?	Unlikely OA is very unlikely at age 28. Have the leg evaluated.
1237369	Lower right abdominal pain, moving in the right lower back+rib cage, fever, nausea, vomiting.Cant walk/stand straight.Lost appetite.Pain constant. Help?	Sounds like Serious condition, likely kidney infection, appendicitis, ruptured ectopic pregnancy, pelvic infection, etc. My advice is to get to a doctor immediately.
283799	Im 22 yrs old, female and I have been having some interesting symptoms. My ribs hurt, I am dizzy on occasion, can't sleep, terrible migraines & fatigue?	Some relate Sleep impairment and fatigue are obviously linked. Headaches can cause insomnia or are caused by sleeplessness. Dizziness is a word for which there 60 synonyms--no help there. Rib pain doesn't usually enter the picture unless as a separate problem--ie a coincidence. That being said, no specific clinical condition comes to mind to explain all your symptoms.
1469059	I hav sharp pains under right rib cage liver frm 3 days,alt level 74 u/l frm last mon bld test, monocytes 14; all STD neg after 6 mon sex exposure.	Clinic visit needed There are many causes of abdominal pain, some of which can be simply annoying, like constipation, others can be deadly. The best way to make sure it's nothing dangerous is to be examined by a health care provider. Most of the time the cause can be determined with a physical exam and a few simple tests. Less often, an imaging study or looking inside the gut with a scope (endoscopy) is needed.
1602958	Had all pregnancy symptoms: spotting, nausea, fuller breasts, headache, etc.  and then started a heavy period today. could I still be pregnant?	No, unlikely. No, a woman is not likely to be pregnant if a heavy period comes at the time she expects her period. If she is very worried about pregnancy, she can do a urine pregnancy test (results are accurate if at least 2-3 weeks after sex... meaning 2-3 weeks after when conception might have occurred).
1236360	What would cause stiffness, pain, and grinding in various joints all over (including elbows, knees, shoulders, hands, feet and neck)?	Arthritis Often this is an inflammatory arthritis such as rheumatoid or could be from an infection like Lyme disease- see a rheumatologist since multiple joints are involved and you are too young for Osteoarthritis in all of those joints
1478494	I have white bumps attached inside my vagina and it itches really bad! i am sexually active but never had problems before last week ?	Possible infection This symptoms are concerning of an infection of your vagina. Since you are sexually active you are at higher risk for these infections. This could be the result of a yeast infection which is not sexually transmitted. No matter the cause you should go to your doctor or an urgent care to prevent this possible infection from spreading and causing serious side effects. Always use a condom !
1514322	Swollen tonsils and coblestoning in throat for 2 months. Strep neg, mono neg for recent infection, blood fine, through 2 rounds of ABs some fatigue?	Chronic irritation of the back of the throat can cause cobblestoning and swollen tonsils. This can be related to throat infections, post nasal drip from allergies or sinusitis or recurrent acid reflux. There are other viral infections in addition to mono that can have a somewhat prolonged course and do not respond to antibiotics. Have you had cultures to ID bacteria? Your FP may refer to ENT or Allergist.
1351048	What are the consequences of taking nyquil with large dose of xanax?	Sedation Do not take these together.
6752662	Xray of shoulder shows nothing abnormal but i have burning in upper back between shoulder blades and random right arm tingling and numbness...whats up?	Trigger point? Pain between the shoulder blades and arm tingling is often a pinched nerve, a trigger point or a muscle strain. Rarely something serious like heart or aorta problems can do this. A careful history and physical exam can usually clarify the issue. While rare, sometimes you need a CT or MRI to rule out more serious problems.
89393	My scalp is itchy, dry, and  covered in pimples.  I've experienced more hair loss since winter began. How can I treat my scalp?	Depends on diagnosis It could be seborrheic dermatities, in which case a sulfur type shampoo used regularly to all hairy areas may help; it may also be a form of acne, in which case low fat diet, and a tetracylcine antibiotic may help. In winter, skin gets very dry and this may be a type of exzema or dry skin condition--moisurizer (no added chemicals). Hair loss too...Dermatologist.
6611493	If I have unprotected sex after I miss my Depo-Provera shot can I be pregnant?	It's possible Even with birth control measures in place, it's not 100% impossible to get pregnant. If you were having unprotected sex and were overdue for a Depo shot, I'd advise doing a home pregnancy test.
253407	I am having problem from runny nose and itchy eyes, itchy throats, I took medicine cold n flu but didn't work my nose is still running. Please help me?	Allergies itch Sounds like an allergy more than a cold, which is from a virus. Viruses don't itch. Allergies do. Try some clairitn, zyrtec, or Allegra from the pharmacy.
1484894	Constant headache. Sharp pain staring at base of neck/shoulder goes into head. Jaw and ear pain. No meds are helping. Should I be concerned?	See neurologsist Check the focus of the pain at the "base of the neck/shoulder" for the presence of a toxin, pathogen or allergen as the cause of the pain. Moreover the proteomic biomarker l-homocysteine will quantify the titre of the infection utilizing energy resonance testing.
1244534	I am so confused would a CT angiogram of the heart pick up papvr/chd? My doctor from ny says no? Is this true? I would think if a normal CT found it then a CT angio would be even better? Or no?	Not sure Ther best person to answer your question is the physician who referred you to the physician who performed the angio. He/she knows your medical history and would be in a better position to answer your concern.
1458728	I am 14 weeks pregnant. Is it normal to have underarm burning, especially in lt breast.  Both are tender, but especially the left?	See your doctor Any arm burning or swelling especially when pregnant needs to be evaluated by your doctor. This will give you more answers to your question. Good luck
1065518	I see a lot of small pimple looking things on the outer skin of my penis! help i'm freaking out?	Have it examined. Have the area examined by you family doctor or a urologist. Without being able to visualize the area, i can not offer more specific advice.
391840	Can a person "catch a bladder infection" from another person? Person has had a urine culture test positive with e coli.  Has been on antibiotics and has had a second test show negative.	E. E. Coli is a bacteria found among the normal, healthy bacteria in stool and is the most common cause of urinary tract infections. Often, the infection happens from stool and bacteria entering the urethra and infecting the bladder by way of wiping improperly after a bowel movement, sexual activity, or just bad luck. This is more common in women because of the proximity of all the structures in that area. You cannot catch this type of urinary tract infection from another person. Some urinary tract infections are caused by sexually transmitted diseases such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. These can be transmitted through sexual contact with the infected person, but this does not seem to be the case with the person you mentioned.
1498277	Intermittent mild sharp pains in leg, from 5 days ago varies between Back of knee (beside the two hard tendons), calf, inside of thigh. Worried of DVT?	Symptoms there are several possibilities, you need to see a doc to work thru them
151973	Breasts sore with sharp pains. Slight darkening of nipples. One more than other.Feel full. Crampy on occasion. Period due 5 days. No vomit. Pregnant?	Possibly pregnant Your symptoms could be caused by pregnancy or ovarian cysts. Check a pregnancy test and if pains continue then see your obgyn.
1533115	I had a periodontal cleaning on my front teeth nd a regular cleaning on the rest.. My gums are extremely swollen and very tender is this normal?	No see your dentist and have it checked.
1069604	Could taking Macrobid for UTI for three days prior to an STD test somehow effect the STD test result and make it negative even if it should be pos?	Unlikely Not sure what specific test to which you are referring, but Macrodantin is very unlikely to alter the results of testing for most stds.
6609609	Headache x3 days. Woke me up last night around 2am. Tried Excedrin, Motrin, and Tylenol nothing helps. Vomiting everything I eat/drink no fever.	Headache This headache sounds pretty severe. It appears you have a history of migraine. Is this one similar or much worse? Migraines shouldn't last more than 3 days. If this headache is not improving and/or very different from your typical migraines, please see a doctor right away. Your doctor if possible today, ER if your doc is unavailable.
649823	Is it still allergies if you have a cough along with the runny nose, congestion and itchy eyes?	Yes You can have coughing if you have post-nasal drip as a result of allergy.
6762838	150 mg Diphenhydramine hcl (3 Unisom Sleepgels) hasn't helped me sleep. Is it safe to bump it up to 200 mg?	Won't advise it It will not kill you but may cause other side effects yet unlikely to help you to fall asleep by taking another 50 mg.
702469	How long would it take before i get a call from doctors about chlamydia test results?	Only your Doctor's office can answer that: call them if you like.
1219610	Took 1200 mg of tylenol this morning and this afternoon  i took 440mg of naproxen sodium with 400 mg of ibuprofen. I am nauseous and dizzy. Am i okay?	No Stop mixing meds without any idea what you are doing. Stay with tylenol to avoid GI issues.
6766391	How to tell if abdominal bloating (lower stomach) is due to gas or fluid buildup? Causes? No other symptoms	Probably gas At this age fluid build up is unlikely unless you have some serious illness. See your local pharmacist something for gas. If symptoms persist see your doctor.I hope this helps. If you still have any concern about this contact me on my Virtual Practice at www.healthtap.com/dryetimyan
6762833	I have a very itchy rash on my wrist and hands.  My foot is red and a little swollen as well.  I went to the hospital and they told me i have athletes foot and a minor foot infection.  After taking the antibiotics that they gave me thats when my wrist, ha	Unlikely Athlete's foot does not usually get swollen although you may have scaly and itchy skin from it. It is hard to tell what the exact problem is but if the antibiotic eliminates the swelling within a few days, then the swollen feet is likely from an infection. if not, you will need to keep on looking for the answer. See derm if necessary.
6766396	I'm 6 weeks and 3 days pregnant but have woken today to hardly any symptoms. No tender breasts or nausea.  Should I be worried?	No You can have good days as well as bad in pregnancy.
6766397	Ovarian cyst on both ovaries heavy menstrual beading bad cramps make sick to my stomach birth control don't work ob always says there small fed up ???	Sounds like endometr Endometriosis.
1517984	I have a 1cm hiatal hernia and it is casing me a ton of pain also my sides hurt due to kidney stones..shld I go to the hospital?	Depends on the pain The ED cannot do much for the hiatal hernia other than treat any heartburn pain - probably a GI cocktail to neutralize the acid. The Kidney stones are probably your bigger concern. Some people with kidney stones need to be treated as an inpatient with IV pain meds. Often kidney stones are treated consevatively for up to 72 hours with forced fluid intake and oral pain meds. Go to ED if pain severe.
1295328	My heart rate resting right now is 67 and i haven't took my remeron 45 mg yet fit sleep and depression should I worry about it going to low?	It's ok Your pulse of 67 is right in the normal range and sounds good and healthy. Remeron doesn't typically cause slowing of the pulse. It has been seen in people over the age of 60 who just recently started the med. At a rate of 67, you should be ok. Sweet dreams!
559646	On high dose Neurontin considering lyrica for fibromyalgia. What do I need to know?	Talk to doctor When treating fibromyalgia in my practice, i encourage my patients to understand the nature of the illness, and how medicines work to treat the symptoms. Sometimes, when a person says they are taking a high dose, it's actually a normal, therapeutic dose. Lyrica and Neurontin may be taken together for added benefit. You need to carefully discuss all of this in detail with your treating physician.
1060233	Can you naturally cure 15cm ovarian cyst without surgery?	Doubtful 15 cm is a usualy to big to desolate. It depends on nature of cyst and ultrasonic appearance . Surgery is appropriate choise.
485116	What are symptoms of damaged nerves in left leg.I have pain above knee that radiates to fumer  to hip.Sometimes the whole leg from behind.No back pain?	Depends Damaged nerve pain is usually described as electrical shocks, burning, stabbing, pins and needle sensations. The pain can be exacerbated with movement but it can arise spontaneously. I would see a physician to work this up further. Damage to nerves can also present as weakness in the leg.
6763618	I am taking sotret 20mg b.d for the last 10days (for acne).I have notiched chapped lips & also vulva area itches sometimes, burning during urination.	SOTRET (ISOTRETINOIN CHECK WITH DOCTOR WHO PRESCRIBED THE SOTRET IN THE FIRST PLACE. YOU HAVE REDUCE THE DOSAGE TO ONCE DAILY. BEST LUCK
551276	Is it normal to feel bad in 3rd trimester? Exhausted, slightly dizzy and off balance and getting more headaches.. Blood pressure and sugar are normal.	Normal Normal, common.
1457874	Pain in back of ribs , hips and right groin .blood tests, urine all fine.mild fever, fatigued, nausea.ideas?	Back/groin pain If Gilbert''s check it is not gallbladder.Also check for appendicitis, pregnancy,clots in lung, autoimmune. May be vaginal infections mycoplasma/ureoplasma (respond to Zithro /doxy). Sometimes gastritis from ibuprophen and or H pylori can cause back pain. Recheck that it is not kidney stone/kidney infection. Check ESR, ANA,pelvic, d-dimer. Follow with a doctor/urgent care/ER
1572849	I take mobic & Ultram for OA. Could mobic/ultram reduce fever? Have aches/chills/sore throat/congest/fatigue  but no fever. Doc said no fever = no flu	Mobic reduces fever. Mobic is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). NSAIDs are antipyretic, that is, they reduce fever. Ultram does not affect body temperature.
859205	My dad can't take allegra or Claritin it makes him to drowsy, what can he take?	Prescription If oral antihistamine pills cause drowsiness it may be necessary to the doctor for a prescription nasal spray.
629801	My 18 year old daughter just took tylenol pm that has 650mg acetaminophen in it and 800 mg ibuprofen...Should i be worried?	No... Ibuprofen (advil/motrin) and Acetaminophen (tylenol) are different in chemical structure, thus for this occasion you are safe from serious side effects. Ibuprofen reduces inflammation in addition to pain/fever. Acetaminophen lowers fever and reduces aches and pains, but not "inflammation." tell your daughter to stick to one or the other based on her symptom improvements. This simplifies things!
1412576	I want to know if this is just my menstrual cycle or no. I spotted light blood 3 days ago and last night. I have mild cramps and itchy and sore vagina?	Could be Could you be pregnant? If so if check a pregnancy test,
6716415	How long will it take for the swelling on my foot to go away after bieng stung by a bee (the tip of the stinger may still be in my foot)?	Stinger should B - -taken out. Some bees that leave their stinger, it remains functional & pumps more venom into Ur foot 4 a while. Ice and benadryl is best as long as U have no allergies 2 bees. It will go away. There is a lot of room 4 swelling in the foot, especially on top. If its been more than an hour or so the stinger is no longer active, a good tweezers will allow U 2 get it out. It will eventually fall out.
1163585	Had a CT scan at hospital they found nodules in lungs found out not cancer. Can something non cancreous in lungs cause shortness of breath?	Yes many such causes Shortness of breath can be caused by many reasons. Your doctor will need to examine you to find the cause. It can be from low hemoglobin, it can be heart related or lung related. Only detailed exam and testing can reveal the cause. Go see your doctor.
6736498	I've been sneezing up a storm lately, but no itchy eyes, hoarse throat etc. that'd suggest it's allergies.	Could still be Allergies. Allergic rhinitis can presents with postnasal drip, cough, itchy ears, itchy throat, irritability, and fatigue but more commonly just bouts of sneezing, rhinorrhea, nasal obstruction, and nasal itching. You can have allergic conjunctivitis(itchy watery eyes) at the same time but don't have to either. You could consider a trial of antihistamines to see how your body responds.
1329529	High fever,headache,weakness,loss appetite & sore throat for 3days & rash on left mid arm,4th day fever gone,cont. night sweats,sorethroat,headache?	Go to emergency room Why waste time on internet when you clearly need professional help as soon as possible.
1576709	Been sick for 5 days. Fever, chills, cough, fatigue, headache, body aches, sore throat, not much mucus, some nausea. When should I see a dr?	Good question. Sounds like you might have the flu. There is no necessity to see the doc unless you take a sudden turn for the worse, have progressive symptoms or serious symptoms (shortness of breath, inability to keep down fluids, lethargy, etc.). These virtually always resolve. Go Seahawks!
1319569	I am 35 my breasts are swollen and sore, but I am cramping and my period is on light am i pregnant ?	Not pregnant It is highly unlikely you are pregnant while having a period. Sore breasts are probably from hormone issues relating to your cycle. If they continue to be sore for another week, you should see your doctor
531125	I have body aches, no appetite, chills, nauseau, headache, dizziness, blurred vision but no fever - should I be concerned?	May be the flu You may have that bad strain of flu which has been going around. I would recommend seeing your primary care doctor.
6733508	Can obesity lead to swelling in legs and feet al had echo cariagram and stress test came back ok i have severe obstructive sleep apnea  if i loose we9?	Do lose weight! Losing weight will certainly help both your swelling and the sleep apnea! Will it cure both? Depends on whether or not something else is causing either or both. But both will improve with weight loss (usually!) and you will certainly be healthier if you lose weight. Go for it! (High protein-low carb diets are not the way to go for most, these are causing their own set of med. problems.)
1152482	I am 2 days late, experiencing light watery discharge, sore breasts, nausea/vomiting, frequent urination, and tired all the time. Could i be pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
889012	Diagnosed with chronic total radial artery occlusion.  How is this different from acute occlusion.  How do I check if fingers r pink and have good ref?	Dual Blood Supply The two systems supplying the hand are the radial and ulnar artery systems. The radial artery is often taken as graft for heart bypass and usually no problems occur. The reason its felt to be chronic is they probably see collateralization (or new vessel growth) that is compensatory for the loss. The symptoms to watch for are hand coldness, discoloration, pain with exercise. Hope this helps:).
142903	Red bump and swollen left vagina lip. No itch. Just stings and sore. No sex. Shave about a week ago. What is it and can I put betamethasone cream on i?	Razor irritation You probably got razor irritation. Hopefully it's not infected. Do not put betamethasone. That's a steroid and may make it worse if infected. Just keep it clean and dry. If it gets worse, you may need an antibiotic.
951962	Does Benadryl help with nausea and headache?	Not usually Benadryl is fine for allergies, and if seasonal issues trigger headaches, may be of limited benefit. But if you have migraine, will not help, and you are far better to try excedrin migraine or aleve. However, depending on your severity and frequency, you may want to consult your doctor and try to prevent the headaches.
1422366	I have diabetic neuropathy and RLS!  Can I take Lyrica and Mirapex together?	Yes, no problem Both meds typically have minimal if any drug-drug interactions with other meds, and the combination seems ideal for your complicated issues.
1175794	Toes red itchy and swollen on left foot from playing tennis. What's best home remedy for this?	Toes The right treatment depends on what is causing the problem. If there were only one cause there would be only one 'best' treatment. See your podiatrist for assistance
6655221	My wife's age is 27years.Has 25day cycle.No period since 10days.Urine  test negative,Serum HCG 1st test 68, 2nd test 147.Is she pregnant?	Pregnancy is likely When one is not sure if a positive pregnancy test result is a true pregnancy, one can just do a urine pregnancy test one week or more later. In a real pregnancy, the test result will be positive one week or more after the first test. There is no need to retest sooner.
6785053	Am diagnosed with ocular migraines but I just had one that I think was in both eyes. No headache. Retinal Migraine or migraine aura affecting vision?	It effects vision during the visual migraine episode. It can last between 5 minutes to 30 minutes. Any further queries click here --> https://www.healthtap.com/experts/12714048-dr-vahe-yetimyan
1447498	I am 18 and I have mild acne on my forehead and back for 3 years.I also have very flaky dandruff on my scalp.Kindly suggest a medication.	Benzoyl peroxide 10% I would try a 10% benzoyl perozide wash or creme for starters on the face and back for one month, apply twice a day. Your skin may get pink and peel a bit, then your new acne should decrease in the second month. For your dandruff ,use Selsun Blue with Selenium Sulfide 2.5% active ingredient twice a week to soften up and resolve the dandruff flakes. Good luck!
6742641	Headache behind eyes & above nose area. Hurts to touch. Ent says not sinus its migraine. gave nerve blocks with little steroid. Still hurts
Why?	Sinus headache Maybe it is a sinus headache. A migraine is rarely treated by ENT, and a migraine is normally associated with nausea or light sensitivity. Perhaps some sinus headache treatment would help? Do you have any congestion? If not, what have you already tried?
1496098	On/of dull pressure like headache for days,All ove head,goes down back of neck and behind eye.No fever,Just tired,any idea?	Headache This could be tension, atypical migraine, other. Go and see your PCP and be evaluated. Best wishes.
1569028	I have loose/extra scrotum skin cause I used to pull my testicles to scratch because of jock itch.can the loose skin be eliminated by surgery ?	I'll bet you're fine Here's the score. At you're age, you're still learning about your body. Skin on the scrotum varies from loose to tight depending on the state of the dartos muscle -- the smooth muscle that automatically contracts when you take a cold shower -- and just how a guy is put together. You really can't grow new skin just by scratching. Talk with your physician next visit or talk with friends or even Dad.
6659891	Irregular periods abdominal pain headaches Brown discharge fatigue loss of appetite...pregnant?	Hard to tell... It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred). An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
1231567	Persistent sore throat and ear infection despite two lots of different antibiotics.	Xylitol Xylitol is a natural sugar and breaks up biofilm in the body. That's where germs multitply. It is found in a nasal spray called xlear (pronounced "clear") and in chewing gum called spry. Do what doc says and perhaps add a probiotic because of being on the antibiotics. Peace and good health.
1483134	Small itchy liquid filled blister clusters along inside of fingers and on palm. They get red when irritated, some swelling of fingers. Never goes away?	Dyshidrotic eczema This may be dyshidrotic eczema. Your physician can have you see a dermatologist.These often can also itch
583831	Been feeling a mass (probably mucus) in the chest/throat  and when i take a breath in it feels like my airway is partially blocked. Is this serious?	Globus In a 21 year old, it is unlikely to be serious. See an ENT doctor for exam.
768425	Hi i feel heavy chest sore throat a bit wezzie and hard to breath only i've two days it has been happing what could i have?	Med tx. For wheezing with difficulty breathing it is important to seek prompt medical attention. Infections can cause airways to be reactive.
784543	How might i go about finding doctors who have a specialization in breast augmentation and cosmetic surgery?	Board certified During your search, it is important to find a surgeon that is certified by the american board of plastic surgery. Then you should get multiple consultations, and go with the surgeon that you feel most comfortable with. http://www.dassmd.com/board-certified-plastic-surgeon-beverly-hills.html.
333228	I have 6 week weak of pregnancy but i din't found the pregnancy ring in my uterus my hCG level also not great, i had two missacarrige, wt can be reson?	Need Testing Your current pregnancy could be a miscarriage or possibly an ectopic pregnancy. At 6 weeks you would expect to see at least a gestational sac in the uterus if it were a normal pregnancy. Regardless, given several miscarriages you should see an rei (or good generalist) for testing for recurrent miscarriages (karytype, ultrasound/caviy eval, anti-phospholipid antibody testing, endocrine labs, etc.
1608445	Hi there. Im 13 days late on my period, have abdominal cramps for weeks now, but have sore breasts, headaches and my tummy is swolen, am I pregnant?	Possibly If you have a home pregnancy test you will have answers within minutes. Otherwise see a doctor for more explanation of your symptoms. Take care.
666845	Could it happen that a knee replacement surgery treat patellofemoral syndrome or chondromalacia patella?	Sometimes For severe chondromalacia of the patella in which there is extensive exposed bone, knee replacement is an option.
1185676	For the past 4/5days my breasts have been sore, today they have been itchy, my period is 5days late im confused what could be wrong?	Dont guess. Take a test. they are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
619958	I have a staph infection, dr gave me sum antibiotics that i'm still taking, I have the red big bump still and wondering if I should get it checked?	Needs 2B checked You may be developing a staph. Abscess which may need to be drained. Good luck.
1258943	Symptoms: swollen eyes every morning, sore throat with white spots, swollen lymph nodes, fatigue...No fever ?	Many possibilities.. These symptoms are non-specific. They can be due to many causes. Examples of these causes is infectious mononucleosis, post-streptococcal glomerulonephritis (kidney disease that occur after strept infection), blood cancer, etc. I think mono is the most likely in your case but you should get evaluated soon..
892823	Herniated discs l4/l5, l5/s1, bilateral sacroillitis x5 years, chronic back pain and worsening leg weakness. Sick of pt, now what?	Conservative failure When disc herniation is found to be be the cause of progressive neurological deficit, surgical options should be discussed with a spine surgeon. This is likely your best option.
1453513	Elliptical, small, slightly raised  pale red spot emerged near my belly 20 days ago. Itchy at first but not anymore. Wasn't exposed to the sun at all?	Rash Could be the beginnings of ringworm (tinea corporis), an allergic reaction, a contact dermatitis. It is impossible to tell without a picture. If it gets larger or persists, see your physician.
1555313	Sore throat and body pain at joints.
No headache, fever, nausiousness or any other symptoms. Started 4days ago. Diarrhea today.	Perhaps This could be a viral syndrome. If sore throat is the concern your doctor can test you for strep. Other than that having loose stools is also consistent with a viral syndrome. Good luck.
1444602	14 weeks pregnant. Protein in urine but low blood pressure.	Contaminate without pre-existing renal disease, I would view this as a vaginal contaminate. A 24 hour urine for total protein would clarify if there is uncertainty but never pre-eclampsia before 20 weeks
780932	What causes rid of a staph infection when med's don't work?	Staph infection If the infected area is localized, applying warm packs may allow the infection to come to a 'head'. At that time your doctor may excise the infected tissue.
1399676	Extremely sore throat for five days, high fever, headache, now I'm coughing up yellow mucus and feel short of breath. What is this?	Get evaluated Sounds like it's time to see a doctor. It could be bronchitis or a sinus infection. It could also just be the normal progression of a viral infection.
488234	What is the definition or description of: herpes simplex i/ii IgG and igm?	Ulcers/Warts Herpes simplex is a virus that causes ulcers and warts. Hsv1 is generally in the mouth and presents as vesicular bundles that later create ulcers such as in a cold sore. Hsv2 occurs in the genital region. It is possible for both types to occur in either location. Igg and igm are types of antibodies that help mediate our bodies immune response.
1394708	Off and on abdominal pain on rt side. Gallbladder Is removed.  Burning, dull, achy radiates from below rib cage down. Just feels weird.  Check it out?	Here are some ... Your described scenario needs to be checked out if you have: urinary stone or obstruction along the right side of urinary tract; mild radiculopathy; mild neuropathy. So, collect, record, & bring the related info on the onset, degree, duration, intervals, & progress of all symptoms over time besides general history to treating Doc for analysis, physicals, possible tests such as UA, CT.IVP, etc.
1473814	Dad has brain aneurysm. Last 2 weeks he has been having headaches, memory loss, weakness in legs, and tiredness. Does this mean it has grown?	See dr. ASAP Might be leaking. Has he seen a Neurosurgeon? Aneurysms can be clipped closed
203945	I was prescribed a dose of azithromycin for chlamydia & fluconazole for yeast infection. I took it 3 days ago, & now my vagina burns and itches.. Why?	Here are some ... If the symptoms assumptively related with chlamydia or yeast infection fail to improve after taking antibiotics as wished, consider if any new events such as sexual acts take place over the interval, or if the original Dx is inaccurate or the bugs resist to antibiotics. So, report your Sx to the treating Doc timely.
312828	2days ago i felt  some bumps they go from the crease of my leg  and up the outside of my vagina they itch a little but no pain  i'm not sexual  active?	See derm See your dermatologist. This is probably an eczema.
6751583	Upped Prozac from 20mg to 40mg, in order to help getting of Valium. Experiencing more anxiety first 2 days, but this is normal right?  Could it help?	Medication Effects I commend you wanting to get off Valium if it had become habit forming. Of course you deserve relief from Anxiety. Valium is for Anxiety. Prozac is for depression, it can help with anxiety. Increasing Prozac from 20mg/day to 40mg/day is likely causing anxiety. See a Psychiatrist for diagnosis, need for medication, dose, benefits and side effects, Therapy, Breathing Relaxation, and Visual Imagery.
1410135	I had sex w/condom and I'm having really bad cramps , bleeding ,  nausea , my head hurts and sore breast ... Also im bleeding really red blood .	Please see physician to make sure there is no other problem or local injury
480091	My bf has small bumps on his left testicle that itch when he washes the area after a few days it starts to look like a nice size sore or raw area?	He needs evaluation He needs to see his family physician or a dermatologist as it may be something needs to be treated. It can be a benign ulcer, infection or a sexually transmitted disease.I do not want to alarm you without examination, but it needs to be checked to make proper diagnosis.So go to the doctor or a clinic asap.
660598	Can u have hida scan 7% ef with pain nausea. Negative  CT u and ultrasound and not be gallbladder? Surgeon  and go unsure. Rt rib shoulder neck  press	Negative workup When the diagnosis is not easy to make, your care team will get to a point of additional testing versus a surgical intervention. You have a choice because you are in the elective phase. Bring a friend to hear/discuss the risk benefit analysis of gallbladder removal. A scope/egd before gallbladder removal is smart. Good luck.
768764	I sometimes get a bunch of weird itchy spots on the side of my knees and all over my elbows, what could these be?	Knee itch Knees and elbow are a common area for eczema, and psoriasis. See a dermatologist if topical moisturizer does not improve it.
618390	Dermatology or pediatrition only please.  5 wk old babyredness and small tiny bumps on face and a little on neck. Acne? What else? Treatment?	Rashes If the baby is drinking well, voiding and stooling are normal, and he is otherwise well, then this is likely one of the many harmless rashes babies get. If this isn't the case, see your pediatrician immediately. The bottom line, though, is that rashes need to be seen by a physician to be properly diagnosed. Lots of rashes have red bumps.
322678	Pain while driving starts at top of leg to right behind knee and down to foot now the same side bak of knee keeps intermittent hot feeling whether driving or not thoughts?	Nerve compression The position and long time sitting may have caused a compression of the nerve. See a doctor for help.
723676	My 3 mo old baby has puffy red eyes, stuffy nose, difficulty breathing when laying down, even with head elevated, rectal temp of 99.9, can't sleep?	Sick Take your baby to see the pediatrician as soon as possible -- i think the baby has cold, congestion and probably some conjunctivitis.
1528015	Is it normal to have cramping in my lower abdomen after an angiogram of the brain using the left femoral atery in groin as starting point?	No It is unusual to have pain remote from entry site for an angiogram. Complications of angiogram can include bleeding under the skin that can cause pain. If you have concerns you should contact your treating physician.
514933	I get yeast infections all the time rather my blood sugar is high or low could there be another reason i get them 2-3 times a month?	Possibly Many things can cause these symptoms. You need to see your doctor. He/she whill perform a thorough examination to see what's going on and tell you what to do about it.
6708804	IHave  green discharge that is chunky but doesn't smell and I'm not itchy. Could it still be a yeast infection?	Doubt yeast. STD? Any unexplained vaginal discharge should be professionally evaluated. Vaginal yeast infection usually causes mostly itching with little discharge, usually white and clumped. Discharge that is colored (yellow, tan, green, brown, etc) or that stains underwear suggests infection. If you are sexually active, STDs like chlamydia, gonorrhea, and trichomonas are possible. See a doctor or clinic ASAP.
621922	What problems happen in the back of the knee besides baker's cyst. I have pain and swelling in the knee above the kneecap.?	See an Orthopaedist A baker's cyst is often a sign of pathology within the knee joint (meniscal tear or arthritis e. g.). If you are also experiencing pain and swelling above the knee cap, an orthopaedic evaluation is recommended to identify the cause of the problem.
6750367	Why does Celexa 10 mg make you drowsy throughout the day and causes nasal congestion. My doctor recently stopped med. after taking for 3 weeks. How long to expect withdrawal symptoms.	SSRI it is SSRI which means that it increases serotonin level which has tranquilizing effect so makes you drowsy. any medicine can cause any symptom. in your case it is causing nasal congestion. Withdrawal sxs if any may not last more than 4 days
1507582	I have been having mild odor discharge, sore breasts, nausea feeling in stomach. What could possibly cause these  symptoms??	Are you fertile? Meaning could you be pregnant? Do you have a uterus that has not been surgically sterilized? Are you late for a cycle/period? Unprotected intercourse? The of course you could be pregnant. Otherwise stress, hormones, medications, hormonal birth control sell can produce similar symptoms. If in doubt us a home pregnancy test. If that isn't helpful see your doctor for a physical and basic testing.
281074	Sick for 2 weeks. Coughing alot. Runny nose. No fever. Itchy throat. No allergies.  Dont cough during sports only at rest. Whooping cough maybe?	Whooping Cough This could be pertussis but there are many other diseases with similar symptoms. .. Check in with your doctor.
575060	I was taking 20 mg of citalopram. New doc switched me to viibryd-5 mg. Feeling awful, crying and more depressed. Should i go back to celexa?	Cross taper Gradually taper off citalopram while starting viibryd--eg, go to 10 mg citalopram while starting viibryd.
1432281	Right ear pressure and feels like its blocked for past one week. wanting to drain. and discomfort on right throat when swallowing saliva...	Need examination You need to be examined by a healthcare professional. Sometimes earwax can block the canal and cause pressure, fullness, and hearing loss. Alternatively there may be an infection there causing your symptoms. Only way to know is to be seen by a doctor. Good luck!
6632488	Reoccurring rashes. only on arms. Started out flat, not itchy & looked like pattern of sweater I was wearing.New rash is tiny little red bumps.ideas?	Allergic reaction if within few hours to days , likely allergic reaction, avoid this fabric. wash well , dry , try antihistamine like diphenhydramine as directed, topical otc steroid cream, if ever little pustules[whiteheads] could be secondary infection/folliculitis, need antibiotic. could be fungus if fine lightertonedcolor and flakes[ tinea versicolor], need selenium sulfide lotion,otc or see dr for ketoconazol
6760390	Male, itchy nipple and it has a very small bump/spot that seems always hard next to other breast and part of nipple itself.Can it be anything serious?	Bump @ nipple in male. It is a good idea to see your doc about this. Hopefully it is nothing significant but men can get breast cancer. Anxiety may have drawn your attention to this area. Peace and good health.
6632950	Heard Lexapro works best after 2 weeks but will it not help at all until then? Or will it help just not at full effect? Anxiety more than depression	2-4 weeks Noticeable changes take between two and four weeks.
1311061	My sister pregnant 14 weeks had a test for CMV IGg 1/360, IGm 1/160 . How to manage and what are risks on baby?	Old infection Hello, this is Dr. Diana and I am happy to answer your question. The test shows that the CMV infection may be old which is a good sign. The new infection (that give just IgM titers) is detrimental for the baby. Nothing she could do now. Just go to prenatal appointments and wait for the baby.
102552	Is treadmill test good enough to rule out possible coronary artery and heart disease?	Probably But not with absoulute 100% certainty. Still, it is a highly useful test.
1360736	What to do if I had mono back in june and my spleen was a bit enlarged. I am now having a lot of pain near my left back rib cage/ scapula area. related?	Not related Possible nerve impingement that can be caused by being sandwiched between two spinal bones, pressed by a bulging. It can cause muscle spasm and back pain. Prevention treatment is always recommended. See interventional pain management specialist for definitive diagnosis and management.
104864	Band of pressure around eyes. Is that just headache or a sign of sinus infection?	Ask an ENT This could be a chronic daily headache or tension headache, or it could be frontal sinusitis. An ENT exam, perhaps with a sinus ct, can certainly make the distinction and direct proper treatment.
609681	Past few weeks i've had a sore spot on l breast, close to the armpit. Painful enough that i can't lay on that side. No lump. Should i be concerned?	Maybe Is there a rash? A bruise? Is your clothing too constrictive? You should see your doctor if it does not go away in the next week or two or a rash appears.
1595723	Your Question:
Have thick white discharge in vagina and milky white in vulva area. No itching, odor, or burning. Could it be a yeast infection?	Not that likely It is possible that it is yeast but not very likely because yeast infections usually cause a lot of itching. Please see your doctor for testing to determine the cause of the discharge. You will need a pelvic exam and some tests done on the discharge to determine the cause.
609682	I have lupus & i think I have a stomach virus. I am wondering should I go to the er. Symptoms fever nausea muscle aches weakness loose stool vomiting?	Dehydration If you are unable to keep down any liquids or you are having more than 4 watery stools an hour, chills, fatigue, then it might not be a bad idea to consider presenting to an urgent care for IV fluids.
400501	Am a 50 year old widow been treated for HPV virus for 28 years had same partner for 27 years what can I do to start new life had approximately 7 warts removed in life of virus  no bad paps	There There in cure for hpv. The good news is that the strains that cause warts do not cause cervical cancer. However you need to continue with yearly pap smears. If you are worried about speading the virus, or contracting other strains for that matter, you should use condoms with any new partners. This is a good idea anyway especially if you are going to be in a new relationship(s). You can start your new life by being safe and responsible with the use of condoms. Take care and enjoy your life!
1468951	I'm having light spotting, no cramps, headaches, dizzy & nausea. Period not due for another week. Could I be pregnant?	If.. If you are sexually active and you suspect this is a possibility please get a pregnancy test. If negative then get seen by your GYN provider to evaluate for other possibilities which should range from an infection to hormonal imbalances.
868492	When on a method like Depo-Provera or nexplanon and you have constant spotting, does a low dose hormone have to be taken for the duration or just for a bit?	For a bit It may take upto 6 months for spotting to resolve, usually does spontaneously . If bleeding becomes heavy then low dose will help.
1046709	Suffering frm 3mths.Tingling n radiating pain in legs resolved.Dull achey pain in mid buttocks persists n increases wit lil extra activity or excersie?	From low back. The problem could be in your lumbar spine, sending shooting pain down the buttocks and/or legs. Please see an orthopedic lumbar spine specialist.
1485862	I have had heavy bleeding and bad abdominal pain in the last 6 hours. It is possible that I could have been pregnant and I'm miscarrying?	Yes I suggest go to ER and they will figure it out
756708	I'm 12 weeks pregnant. I'm on the 4th day of non stop diarrhea. I took imodium 2 days in a row. Still hasn't gone away. What should I do?	See your OB! Dehydration may set in - with dire consequences for you and the pregnancy. Please see your obstetrician asap!
6650864	Very dry scalp on right side of head only and swollen lymph nodes at the nape of my neck/skull. Any ideas or suggestions?	Inflammatory nodes. Most nodes in neck that represent a metastatic process are found along the jugular vein. Nodes at the nape of the neck usually drain the scalp and as such with scalp problems, this would be the cause of the process and almost always represent inflammation. This can be controlled with warm soaks to the scalp and at times antibiotics.
1364344	Lump in crease of elbow. Lump it self does not have pain  under  it  tingly  to my wrist  pointer and thumb.  Arm as a whole  has weakness  and aches?	Neuroma? Time to see your Dr for examination to determine why you are having unusual symptoms in your arm. Cannot tell definitively over Internet--might be lymph node over / pushing on nerve, could be growth or cyst from nerve, could be from prior trauma or even infection--needs a good history and exam to know for certain.
6746837	Found a lump  under breast that was first red and tender. Now it's small peas sized and a faint of black . What could this be?	Lymph node Sounds like you had an inflamed lymph node that has now got better. If this persist or grows get it checked out by you primary MD.
1048632	Hand tremors, weakness, vision problems, fatigue, mood swings/depressed mood, stressed, dizziness, loss of balance trouble concentrating/ focusing?	You need evaluation You need to be evaluated by a neurologist, a psychiatrist, an ophthalmologist, a gastroenterologist, and a psychologist for neuropsych testing. Yours is a very complicated case that will take a team of physicians or a very bright internist to diagnose. Please ask your general practitioner for referrals to the above specialties until a cause for all of your symptoms is identified.
6646592	How long should one have a sore throat before being seen? Going on 9 days now with no other symptoms of a cold or flu. Pain with swallowing. Worse in morning but last all day.I take prilosec.	Be seen Please consider being seen now to be checked for strep throat or mononucleosis which can be contagious.
1605368	Is it normal for a 4 yr old to snore at times? Or could this be sleep apnea? Is it deadly?	Uncommon We see this occasionally during a URI or with tonsillitis. But the snoring should subside when the illness passes.Any 4 yo who snores all the time should be evaluated by an ENT for airway obstruction/sleep apnea. If you notice pauses in respiratory activity (>20sec) the kid falls asleep a lot while others are playing, there is a problem and it will get worse without treatment.
347554	What causes my swollen , hard, and painful gland on the left side of the groin?	Swollen painfull gla It is better to see u pcp-for evaluation and assesment and to r/o any infection.
1159917	How to get rid of conjunctivitis? Got red / sore / watery eyes / yellow discharge	Time Most viral conjunctivitis resolves on its own. Depending on the cause, ophthalmologists can help you. Otherwise supportive therapy for a few weeks like artificial tears, hand hygiene, etc.
1435651	Vaginal itching, no odor, no discharge, no other symptoms. I know I won't know for sure without a test but does it sound like yeast infection or STD?	It could be the beginning of a yeast infection or a just dry skin, try a gentle lubricant, and avoid douches which can dry out more
6740421	Can sore throat with white spot be a virus? That is what doctor said but i found it odd. Strep test was negative, no fever.	Yes If the strep test is negative some of the worst looking tonsils can be caused by adenovirus. So yes, it certainly can be a virus
612931	I've had a small, hard, white bump on my top lip for about 2 years. I think it may be a wart, i'm not sure. I've tried to cut it off and it reappears?	Get thee to a doctor It sounds like you may have a small milia or nevus. In any case, it should be evaluated, and you shouldn't cut it off yourself.
272778	I have autoimmune disease & frequent dizzy spells.My md suspects autonomic deficiency. I've noticed I often have diarrhea following a bad dizzy spell? Why?	Part of process Dysautonomia affects the neurologic system including neurologic function of the intestines. Thus diarrhea can be part of it.
1381192	Itchy red blotches started on arms..spread to neck, head, body, and legs. Benadryl did not help. Difficulty sleeping. Ideas to help or what could be?	?HIVES Sounds like hives/urticaria, but tough to diagnose rashes over the computer. See derm or your PCP for diagnosis and proper treatment. Good luck.
1164428	Sore full / breasts. Crampy / sharp lower abdominal pain.1st of last period= 1/16. Had creamy discharge = dr gave 5day prescription on 1/22. Trying to conceive.	Sore breasts Sore breasts can be caused by more higher hormone levels from taking fertility medications in that cycle. Usually 5 days of treatment early in the cycle is Clomiphene or letrazole being used to improve ovulation. This can lead to higher estrogen and Progesterone levels which increase breast tenderness.
675765	Can the burning/itching of BV or a yeast infection be intermittent?	Could be Some amount of yeast as well as bacteria is normal in the vaginal area. As they both wax and wane, the yeast may get heavier and cause symptoms. See your dr. For treatment and hopeful erradication. Best wishes.
695668	Injured finger 4wks ago, X-ray appeared ok, but review showed small break palm side base mid. Phalanx. Dr. Never splinted it, still hurts&swollen-advice?	See orthopedist Was the doc an orthopedist? These small, nondisplaced finger fractures will heal but are often splinted for pain relief. See an orthopedist or call your doc if he is an orthopedist.
811810	How can you remove calluses from feet permanently?	Callus Usually calluses are formed due to increased pressure. To get rid of them may involve orthotics, change in shoegear, or even potentially surgery. You can make them less painful with the use of moisturizers after getting your feet wet to the dry/callused areas. Or use of a pumice stone daily after getting your feet wet as well. I would not advise you take a razor to your feet!
710159	When tested for chlamydia or any other std, if they find THC in your urine would that be mentioned?	Different tests A chlamydia test and a urine drug screen are two entirely different tests (one does not pick up on the other). P.S. - if you want to ensure that thc never shows up in your urine - than don't use it.
1309224	Period is 9 days late, but urine test are negative. Sore breast, exhausted, heartburn that comes and goes, moody and headaches. No bleeding or spottin?	Missed period Pregnancy is the number one cause for a missed cycle, but since that was ruled out, there are many other possible causes, one being a simple "anovulatory cycle. " if you miss your next period and do not have unprotected sex in between, than get an exam and blood work for other causes as well. Best wishes.
704179	What to do if I have small blisters on hands and itchy red bumps on my legs helppppp?	See Dermatologist The blisters on the hands can be a fungal infection, contact dermatitis, dyshidrosis or a viral infection. If you have a history of exposure to contactants or eczema it would help in the diagnosis. See your dermatologist.
1309220	My baby is 9 months old and for weeks has watery, red eyes snotty nose. Can he have environmental allergies or animal allergies at that age?	Allergies Most definitely. If he sleeps with stuffed animals that could be a cause or a down pillow or wool blankets. There are many other allergens he might be exposed to in his bedroom.See an allergist for further evaluation.
1283464	Random shooting pain upper outside of left arm, lasted a couple of minutes. Along with gas, dull chest pain and tummy ache. Should i go to er?	Yes You should seek medical attention --.
604488	My wife has a real bad case of dandruff she will ask me to look at her scalp and I have seen pimples that were full of a yellowish pus. What to do?	Doctor to examine it Dandruff (seborrhea) is common. Shampoos with zinc, salicylic acid, selenium, or coal tar are sold in many stores. Nizoral shampoo (contains anti-fungal) is also available. Doctors may also recommend cortisone or kenalog sprays. Prevent dryness (don't wash hair too often). A primary doctor or dermatologist can look for psoriasis, eczema, or fungal infections if unusual or worrisome scalp symptoms.
916801	Inner labia itching for years. Very small bumps. No found infection. Treated 4 yst infec 6 times. Occas spreads. Urine comes back contaminated. Help..	Culture Often times pts are treated without a culture. ... If this is the case your provider could be treating you for the wrong infection.... Ask them to check a swab for bv, candida and stds.
699745	I have been having problems with nausea and bloating after eating for 2 months , and for the past 3 days I've had mild diarrhea and cramping?	See a GI doctor You need to be thoroughly evaluated and may require an endoscopic exam. Best to start out with an expert in this area rather than be evaluated and then re-evaluated. Good luck.
137846	Can anxiety cause dizziness and feeliing faint without feeling as if im scared or having a panic attack at the moment?	Yes Anxiety can cause many sx but u still need a good check up. 4 example the initial name of MS is frequently hysteria.
823165	Tests show pulmonary clot?  Docs here say heart pain, numb/tingling, short breath, mental confusion was anxiety.  Do clots cause anxiety?	Family practice There seems to be a lack of communication on the dr's part. If there is a blood clot or pulmonary embolus then that is a life threatening condition. That may have been ruled out. Check with your dr to again explain the test results. If concerned go to the er.
388472	What should I expect to happen at a first appointment with a cardiologist? What does a holter monitor show? I am in my early to mid 20's (female). I've had a high pulse rate since early september. I've had an echocardiogram, and an ekg. My primary doctor	With With an overactive thyroid is not uncommon to experience a rapid heart beat which may actually be just a fast but normal heart rhythm. It is also possible that there are alterations in your heart rhythm which causes these symptoms and these should be detected on the holter monitor-- if you experience symptoms while tyou are wearing the monitor. You might discuss with the cardiologist whether he/she feels that there is anything that would affect your health adversely or whether medication could be helpful in relieving symptoms until your thyroid is adequately treated.
511513	Hello i currently was on the Depo-Provera shot until the week of thanksgiving, period would've been on 19th of dec now i had a small amount of brown discharge	Normal Depo can often result in abnormal bleeding. If you are sexually active do a pregnancy test. It may take several months for menses to become regular.
1171189	Nausea, headache, swollen breast, acne, sharp abdominal pain, fatigue are symptoms of what?	Could be... Pregnancy, gallbladder disease, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Recommend seeing your doc soon for a closer evaluation!
1212480	Slammd crner of hatch door on top of head.  I had a lg bump a day, sore to tch and tension hdache. Wk ltr, sore spot and hdache  when spot tched.	Healing Normally, the head bleeds easily and if it does not coe out with a cut will stay under the skin on the head. It is very sore but slowly goes away. At this point it is not serious just bothersome. It is healing so you do not need to worry. Warm showers over the head probably would help!
1247456	I am hacking up green blood tinged phlegm and I have a sore throat, am dizzy&light headed, fatigued and have diarrhea. What is the cause of this?	Bronchitis You probably have developed bronchitis. However it does not explain your diarrhea. You need to be evaluated by your physician in person. Please do not delay.
1439717	I have two pimple like bumps on my vagina. one of them has a darker color to it. the bump seem to change size big and tender to small almost not there?	Bartholin glands A Bartholin's cyst is formed when a Bartholin's gland is blocked, causing a fluid-filled cyst to develop. A Bartholin's cyst is not an infection, although it can be caused by an infection, inflammation, or physical blockage (mucus or other impediment) to the Bartholin's ducts (tubes which lead from the glands to the vulva). Refer to: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bartholin's_cyst. Hope this helps!
1248890	Serotonin syndrome? Took tramadol with remeron last night now penis is hard to become erect and i cannot ejaculate? Aslo hurts am i stuck this way?	No, you are not "stuck." please report your symptoms to your doc and follow what he/she says about the use of your medication. If you don't make progress seek out a urologist. Peace and good health.
1060260	Oa of right knee. Aches while walking and turning right leg in sleep. Carrying out preliminary leg exercises.	Exercise The exercise is good but you may want to try non weight bearing exercises like swimming or pool areobics. A knee wrap or analgesic balm can be helpful at night. Otc meds like aleve are also helpful but take with food. And finally, I use a herbal product available online by the name of ' pains all gone' i keep a bottle at my bedside and a bottle in the office to use when regular meds fail.
6650280	30yr 1 baby 2yrs no sex no birth control. Pressure in abdomen building for a month spotting after period not normal for me very tired lower back hurts?	See doctor This could be a pelvic mass or cancer.
6609011	Having pain in my RUQ front and back for 3 days. Been seen by PCP and ER. I don't have my gallbladder, no signs of UTI or kidney stones. Blood normal.	It could be any number of 100's of things, from shingles, liver problems, basal pneumonia, intra abdominal adhesions, appendicitis, etc. Consult with a gi specialist or surgeon if symptoms persist.
405848	Why would i only get my period every 3 to 4 months? I'm 29 and my periods are nothing but blood clots for a week. About once every 6 months, i will have 2 weeks of clotting and a very heavy flow. I still get the cramps and soreness in my breast.	It It sounds like you may be dealing with uterine fibroids (benign tumors of the uterus). Fibroids can cause very heavy periods often times with many clots. Discuss your symptoms with your doctor. Uterine fibroids should be ruled out. This can be done with a pelvic/abdominal exam and/or ultrasound. Lastly, if ok with your doctor after a diagnosis is made, consider birth control pills to help regulate your period. Good luck.
906765	Husband is having surgery tomorrow but has a migraine today. He is not allowed to take ibuprofen or aspirin. Can he take maxalt? Tylenol isn't working	Yes Maxalt is a triptan, a migraine-specific medication that is unrelated to the class of medications called nsaids that should be avoided before surgery due to bleeding risk. It is fine for him to take the Maxalt today. Good luck with the surgery.
630065	Had heart attack five years ago, ended up in coma for 3 day and had a stent put in. For the 3 weeks, have chest tightness, difficulty breathing, ?	See cardiology Stents are helpful but recurrence or new blockages can happen. You are describing angina like symptoms. The pattern of new onset needs attention now.
759495	My blood test came back high in certain areas:  GGT 217, ALT 157, AST 101 and ap 197.  Should i be worried?	Liver Damage Yes. These liver tests are remarkably abnormal and represent significant danger for your liver and your life. The cause of these abnormalities must be found and treated appropriately. And, this is an urgent problem.
6730505	Western blot igg positive for 23, 41  & 66. Ptt-la is 45 seconds. Feeling palps, tinnitus, blurry in one eye, hearing loss,vertigo. MRI fine. Lymes?	No Three positives are not enough to confirm Lyme And your symptoms are not characteristic.
6780063	My husband has fluid build up in his abdomen and pressure and bloating he will have a procedure done to take the fluid from his belly,his blood work is normal had a ultrasound done on his gall bladder it was normal what could cause this ? He isn't a heavy	Ascites Fluid buildup in the abdomen, known as ascites, is often from liver disease, but can have many other causes. Since some of those illnesses can be serious, it is important to follow through with the work up to determine the cause. Removing some fluid is often helpful in making a diagnosis and may allow him to be more comfortable and breathe easier. Don't delay his medical care! Good luck.
1063600	Is there any particular type of anxiety/depression you would use viibryd for..As it seems like an ssri plus Buspar only--could it be helpful for ocd?	It is new It is a new antidepressant. There are many treatments available for ocd. Zoloft works well at high doses. Often adding a low dose of a neurolepyic like Risperidone can help the antidepressants work better.
1473755	I feel pregnant even after I TTC early Aug,came my 3 days period than usual. I felt some movement on uterus and cramps but no AF and is due in a WK. Y	Conception Symptoms of pregnancy do not mean pregnancy. "Movement on uterus" is not something that would occur in association with pregnancy at such an early stage. Fetal movement that is perceived occurs first at 16-22wks EGA. If you had a normal period for three days then indeed it was most likely a normal period. If you miss a period, do a preg test. Patience is a virtue. Good fortune to you.
6615276	Sharp pain under right breast to the back, then shortness of breath, then neck pain right side, then numbing of right arm, then voice goes please help?	Exam now your symptoms are suggestive of multiple serious conditions: I suggest an ER or UC visit today- do not ignore--go now!
6615275	How uterine cancer spread to us? I mean by only sexually or other way?	Does not Uterine cancer does not spread from one person to another. However, cervical cancer (which is the low end of the uterus) is caused by the human papilloma virus, which is spread by sexual intercourse and oral sex.
1160702	Saw neuro 4 headaches that last 15 secs after hard coughs whenever sick. Going on for 9 yrs. He says posttussive cough or unruptured aneurysm? Getting MRI & mra. How likely is unruptured aneurysm?	Aneurysm Unlikely, but possible. Statistic are meaningless when it comes to an individual patient. Just wait and see the results of your imaging studies. Good luck.
6781628	Abigail has had headaches, stomach cramps, and diarrhea for over 24 hours. Not much urine output. When should I worry and/or head to the hospital?	Reduced urine output Reduced urine output in the setting of fluid loss could be dehydration or kidneys may shut down from the infection itself, in wither case patient needs iv fluids take her to hospital.
792956	On amoxicillin for tooth abcess, very shaky, dizzy, nauseated, threw up an oil substance several times. Black spots in vision, 2 week migraine. Worry?	Tooth abcess You may have inner ear and / or sinus issues as well. An ENT evaluation may be necessary.
1293771	How many days after implantation bleeding, does blood test comes back positive? And after how many days urine test is positive?	See below Conception, as defined by the generation of a fertilized ovum, occurs within day or so of the sex. However, it takes about two weeks for the embryo to make enough HCG to produce a positive pregnancy test. Blood test may be done a day after a missed period. Home pregnancy tests should be done 4-5 days after the missed period. Please seek care from a doctor to protect your and your baby's health.
1293774	I slipped & feel almost 2 weeks ago & landed on my tailbone.. But my knee got hurt & is getting worst. I ice it daily & take Advil & tylenol no help.	X-ray You may need a x-ray to be done to rule out fracture.
6721241	I have a sore and swollen knee (very painful to walk) the day after my 3rd orthovisc shot.  No trouble before.  An allergic reaction?  Thanks Doc.	Unlikely Talk to the treating physician. Swelling of knee and pain are common in osteoarthritis
855235	I feel dizziness all the time, i can't bend my head down or up i hear some fizzy sounds in my neck, I have tinnitus in left ear, burning in legs?	Get it evaluated Dizziness and tinnitus in a 28 year old need to be evaluated. See a doctor.
1280735	How to fix a stuffy nose without nasal spray or salt water or anything?	Huh? I don't know how to fix a stuffy nose without "anything". Acupuncture can be helpful for this.
506602	When i excessive masturbate or arousal causing pre leakage of semen i get pimples on face for 8 years now.Doc says increase testosterone cause it!?	Pimples How old are you? They both can be related to male hormone changes at adolescence.
1313965	Feeling discomfort, pain on right knee when sitting. Already done an arthoscopy and found chondromalacia on the other knee ( left)?	Knee pain etiologies There are multiple origins for knee pain. If you've already been diagnosed with chrondromalacia patella in one limb, that would be a likely possibility for the other (softening of the cartilage) can signal blood flow changes to the subchondral bone plate under the cartilage and future fibrillation and destruction. You also need to rule out plica syndrome and sciatica. Seek an MRI of the extremity.
6667798	I'm feeling sick after taking laxatives for the first time, is this common? I have abdominal pain, bloating, nausea, diarrhea, and a mild fever.	Sick after laxative Depending on which type you might have some bloating and if it worked "too well" some diarrhea. Some of the laxatives have fiber and other ingredients that can cause "fermentation" while waiting to move thru. This will cause bloating. Other laxatives cause a movement of water into the gut causing discomfort and bloating and nausea. It is a little unusual at 20 to have serious constipation.
537374	Trying hiatal hernia self-adjustment techniques and i've found a very sore spot 1inch above my navel with heavy pulse that causes burps when pressed.	Problem Hiatal hernias involved the stomach & its (partial/) movement above the diaphraghm. It tends to cause upper abd pain. A fixed spot, in proximity to navel, suggests other type of hernia or other issue present. Should be evaluated by dr.
1215286	In 2011 i was diagnosed with kidney and gall stones. My bladder was removed. Until now I have dull pain on the right lower abs, sharp during the night?	See a doctor For an exam. If i understand you correctly, you have had 3 years of right lower abdominal pains. That would not be from your gallbladder surgery. Kidney stones also would be uncommon to cause 3 years of pain. See a doctor for an evaluation.
1075333	I have mild nausea, an inconsistent sore throat, no rash, headache, or fever, but I do have congestion, minimal cough, aches, fatigue ?	Viral illness You probably have an upper respiratory infection. Symptomatic care such as fluids and antipyretics are in order as well as saline nose drops for the nose and cough.A vaporizer and plenty of rest are also very helpful.
1499516	I am late 3 weeks. 4 days ago started spotting dark brown gooey discharge mixed w blood, bad cramps. Could i be pregnant? Last month very heavy period	Pregnancy test You need to run a pregnancy test for your answer.
572559	Today I have noticed that my mouth has been really dry and my tongue, cheek, and throat feel swollen. My ankles and feet are swollen, i've been dizzy?	Prob viral syndrome See your dr for labs and throat cultures and a complete history and physical although most likely a virus , other causes should be checked out.
6730768	Don't feel ill, no fever but have WORST headache and neck ache ever had. I do have IIH. Treated for tonsillitis and infected nose piercing.Meningitis?	Meningitis symptoms Meningitis is inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord. The signs/symptoms of meningitis include sudden high fever, severe headache +/- nausea/vomiting, stiff neck, seizures, confusion/difficulty concentrating, light sensitivity, sleepiness or difficulty waking up, and/or loss of appetite. There are MANY causes for head/neck aches. Go to your doc or ER if sx's persist.
491289	I have a sore throat & constant throbbing headache after i just got over a 24 hour flu. I'm lightheaded & restless as well. Should i see someone?	Sore throat and HD Yes mohammad i advise u to do so to make sure u don't have a condition that require antibiotic, good luck.
1497554	I'm only 28 and I'm suddenly getting lots of varicose veins on my thighs. My legs frequently ache and feel bruised now. What causes these, prevention?	Damaged valves Veins return blood to the heart and lungs for cleaning. Like fish ladders, veins have one way valves inside them every 4 to 6 cm to assist in, return to heart, flow against gravity. If one or more sets of valves becomes damaged, from clots, pressure or trauma the venous blood leaks out into small side veins and slowly develop into varicosities that you can see and feel. Ok to get checked 4 clot.
1122637	Blood spots rash under skin on left breast at the bottom and it itches a little. I am scared to death. Can this be breast cancer?	Rash Not likely a breast cancer, more likely a skin disease like eczema, which especially with pendulous breasts may become irritated or infected. First see your pcp or obg for a good breast exam including palpation for masses or nipple discharge. This may just be a skin disease, but should be checked.
926668	I am 19 years old and 5'4" tall. I have seven stones. I have had chest pain, fast heartbeat, shortness of breath evenwhile eating/talking and palpitations. I've had ecg, cbc, chest X-ray but could find nothing. What should I do?	Maybe embolism A consideration for that set of symptoms of fairly sudden onset would be for a pulmonary embolism. A chest ct angiogram would diagnose this. If normal, then could consider a echocardiogram to evaluate heart structure/function and estimation of pressure in the lung blood vessels.
493576	Knee pain and MRI said small cyst that was 'ok'. Was treated with bursitis with a cortisoneshot 4mon ago. I don't want another shot, what is the cause?	More info. needed It's difficult to answer your question with that limited amount of information. The most common cyst around the knee is in the back (popliteal area), called a baker's cyst. It can be a sign that there is a problem within the joint (arthritis, cartilage tear, etc.). Bursitis can occur around the knee, but usually outside the joint. Consider another visit to your doctor for an exam and more koptions.
398992	I get light headed and dizzy then have extreme indigestion and my chest feels tight I am a diabetic would this be from potassium levels are something different	Hello. Hello. If this is a new acute symptoms you should get an urgent assessment. I am answering this 9 hours after the fact so hopefully you are doing ok. You are describing something that feels like indigestion, chest tightness accompanied by feeling light headed and dizzy. If this is acute would have directed you to call 911. If this is a chronic symptom then i recommend you discuss it with your physician.
398996	What could be the culprit? What could be the culprit? For about a week I have been experiencing nausea, head aches, mild dizziness, hot flashes, sweating even when im not hot, back and hip aches( though mild), my chest has been unusually itchy, and im jus	If If there is any concern for pregnancy, then please take a pregnancy test to be sure. As you are having unusual symptoms and bleeding then it would be reasonable to have testing. If you have persistent symptoms, or have vomiting, dizziness/fainting, or other symptoms that are unusual then it would be reasonable to contact your physician.
1489033	I have Raynaud's phenomenon, and chronic constipation for 3-4 years (colonoscopy clean, high fibre diet). Should I be worried about scleroderma?	Some chance A small number of people who have Raynaud's also develop scleroderma. Note the SMALL NUMBER. Just keep up with your health providers recommendations for the Raynaud's and be vigilant.
6622704	Flu 5 days, dr today; no infection. Yest blood postnasal drip. Yest and today low gr fever. Now sudden sinus headache and temp 39.5. Return to dr?	Post viral Infection You got a bacterial infection after the flu. .....Need to see PMD and get treated......
1519979	I bumped my elbow hard today on something. No bruising or swelling but really hurts! Should I ice it? Or what?	Yes Rest, ice and elevation. See how it feels tomorrow. Elbows can be particularly painful because of the "funny bone" actually a nerve that runs close to the surface (ulnar nerve). Also be sure to take some ibuprofen or naproxen as well.
1055076	Please tell me, could a fungal toe infection cause swollen lymph nodes in groin?	Unlikely Unless, an infection occured.
588210	I missed my Depo-Provera shot and had unprotected sex the day after can I be pregnant ? When should I take a test ?	Not likely There . Is a small cushion of safety of several days in missing the depo shot. It would be very rare to get pregnant by missing it for only 1 day.
1108938	Just had my knee arthroscopy and feel kind of sick now. What should I do?	Talk to doctor There are a number of reasons you feel sick; medicine reaction is the most likely. Talk to your doctor and explain the symptoms. Your doctor can change your medications or order something else for you to help.
822480	My mother had arthroscopy done for her right knee and now feels cutting/burning pain in the upper knee area. Is this reflex sympathetic dystrophy?	Maybe Sounds like neuropathy of some nature. Could be early crps (rsd). She needs to flow up with the doctor that did the surgery.
52830	Is it okay to take daily prescribed allergy medications like allegra and singulair with alcohol?	No This is not safe at all.
1464481	My period due date is on 1st September I took pregnency test is negative but I'm feeling sick and get hot and tender breast could I be pregnant stil 
?	Yes, but unlikely Most modern pregnancy tests can detect pregnancy shortly before a period, they are not 100% sensitive! with decreased sensitivity earlier in the pregnancy.
6680672	Is 50mg of seroquel and 50 mg of trazadone daily safe to take in pregnancy? What are the risks to the baby if I need to take this?	No-Not safe Seroquel is a class C drug and has been known to cause harm to the fetus. Trazedone also is not safe, is a class C drug, and may cause harm. They should be used only if the benefits outweigh the possible harm. They are not safe, and risks are clearly present for birth defects, miscarriages, and for Trazedone, the drug can pass to the newborn through breast milk.
615707	Can u get pg on the IUD mirena, been having a lot of symptoms swollen sore breast come n go, nausea on & off, headaches, peeing alot, moody, thirstier?	If the IUD is Still in correct location then it is rare. Those symptoms are also side effects of mirena. If you want to be sure, take a home pregnancy test. Contact the doctor that placed the iud if you have further concerns. Good luck.
945832	How long will lymph nodes in groin and down thigh be tender/slightly sore (not swollen) after an abscess infection on upper leg is cleared up?	See doc There is no specific time you tret infection the lymphadenopathy will subside if is due to infection.
843184	Last period ended ~2 weeks ago (6 days long). Had sex 10days ago w/a condom, but im not on the pill.Could a quantitative hCG blood test from today be accurate? Could i be pregnant? I feel mild cramps	Seems unlikely Condoms are pretty effective at preventing pregnancy. May be a bit early for a beta. A positive beta would be real but a negative would require a retest. I would wait until next week i think...
1248094	Dry unstoppable coughing attacks, sob, tightness in chest, constant burning throat and chest painful to cough, headache?	Cough A cough can be one of the most perplexing and elusive of symptoms to pin down. From what you have said an allergy, bronchitis, sinusitis, medication effect, chemical exposure, asthma, reflux, among others may be possible. You will need to see a doctor with some skill in the area of cough and be willing to possibly devote some time to getting to the bottom of it.
504579	21 m old boy, 2 ear infections, high fever, bad cough, runny nose, congestion, irritability, sore throat. Loss of appetite on amoxil for 3 d no change?	Amox may not be work If no better in 1-2 days meds may not be working.Call your doctor.
151501	Urine infection? So my private parts been burning a bit when I pee. It also itches a little too. I thought know its cause I shaved but I don't know	Possible Urinary tract infection is a possibility but you should also consider a sexually transmitted disease. You should probably see a physician.
500478	How likely is it that absence of PMS symptoms is a sign of pregnancy?  I usually have sore breasts and f bloating during the 7-10 days before period.	Possible Most important have u had unprotected sex during u ovulation period?
632758	I have COPD lately I have ben coughong up yellow, green, dk green mucus I have a runny nose had sore throat but its gone but very hoarse. What can I do?	Bronchitis It seems like you have developed an upper respiratory infection, you need to see your doctor, you probably should start an antibiotic.
645808	I have had a constant headache on the right side of my head and behind my eye for about 2 weeks now. It is throbbing pressure, nothing helps, besides coffee or water sometimes. Advice|recommendaaction?	Sinus This may be a sinus problem. Pain or pressure sensation behind the eye is probably more likely due to sinus congestion or infection than actual elevation in the pressure of the eye. Consider a decongestant over the counter if you are not contraindicated or see a health care provider for sinus films and or treatment of possible sinusitis.
843454	If i'm very sick and have lots of mucus with an extremely sore throat with swollen glands, should I stay up incase of choking in my sleep?	See A physician asap.
6786394	I get this sudden fullness/pressure in nose sometime, also I had temples/top head headache for days it starts when I wake up, come/go during day, 3 w ago diagnosed sinusitis I use nasal spray for it	ENT Doc See an ENT doc to make sure you don't have an anatomical obstruction (like septum) that needs treatment.
183751	How do you predict whether or not somebody has plaque in arteries or the heart ?	Risk factors Age and risk factors put together can be very good predictors of atherosclerosis and risk of heart disease and stroke. Tests such as carotid intimal thickness and coronary calcium score can be helpful in certain instances. Stress testing is used to evaluate whether atherosclerosis is limiting blood flow to the heart and is generally done to evaluate symptoms such as chest pain and dyspnea.
6765857	Got stung by a wasp on saturday and i niw have a fever of101 and my body and my throat hurt can it be a reaction to the sting ?	YES additionally, you may have an infection from the sting itself. Your symptoms are not classic for wasp allergy; however, you must be examined, evaluated, diagnosed and treated.
1407400	After sleeping heavily medicated, I have had a numb upper left arm for 1.5 days non-stop. I am a type 1 diabetic. Do I ned to see a doc or wait for it?	Watch and wait A numb upper arm, without hand symptoms or weakness, is probably an axillary nerve neuropraxia. I.e., you stretched that nerve while sleeping in a weird position without moving. This symptom can last for several days, and usually resolves completely.
919915	After IUD (copper) I am having yeast infection repeatedly! have been taking duflocan twice a week and infection cream external and internal .	Not related Whille tthee iud strings may increase diischarge it should not cause yeast infection. Hve you actually seen a doctor for evaluation or just called in and gotten an rx over the phone ? I would suggest being seen and evaluated and occasionally people can have resistant strains of yeast which may be your issue and you could need different treatment.
843459	How common is throat cancer in 27 yr old female? Sore throat glands are swollen and lump feelig in throat with pain for 3 weeks! hard to swallow too	Most throat Cancer was in the older, smoking, drinking population. Today the hpv assocaited throat cancers can be in younger, non smokers and non- drinkers. Get assessed by an otolaryngologist, .
1560420	What do they do during laparoscopy surgery for endometriosis?	Steps anesthesia, small port openings, introduce carbon dioxide to allow exposure, introduce devices to view and work, visualize abnormalities, cauterize, remove, drain, Lyse adhesions, remove cysts are all possibilities, then close port sites
6614901	Tomorrow having non-surgical hair restoration cuz of severe general hair thinning.B4 adding new human hairs they're shaving the crown of my head.Will my hair grow back?Im worried I wont like restoration but will be stuck w/ a bald scalp or near-bald! Plea	Yes it will grow back. This is something you need to confirm and discuss in detail with your doctor. You need to know and understand the procedure completely.
1486334	3 weeks feel something stuck behind left tonsil, like stones had before but can't see anything. Left ear pain and sore throat off and on. Concern?	Please have it seen IT is possible it might be a small tonsil stone. It could also be pharyngitis/strep throat. Ear ache can be referred pain from the throat too. You should see a doctor at some point soon
6648136	Can pelvic inflammatory disease come back WITHOUT being reinfected by the chlamydia that caused it or any other STD?	PID.. PID....can be caused by different bacteria. .......Chlamydia is only one and common.
1571700	Im a hypochondriac last woman I had sex with  was Jan 2014, I did the mouth swob it was neg blood test 2weeks ago neg, shud I hav faith in the test ?	Yes It might be more important to deal with the hypochondria than to worry about blood tests. Get into therapy.
533189	Had unprotected sex before and during ovulation, my period is a week away, but i've been having dull cramping off and on, can we possibly be pregnant?	Always possible Having sex at the time of ovulation is necessary to conceive. Take a pregnancy test. You should be taking vitamins in any event.
1571254	I have pelvic pain, spotting between periods and bloating could it be cysts in ovaries?	Possible This is one of many possibilities. You need to see your primary care provider or GYN for an exam and testing to know for sure. Pain is your body's way of telling you that something is the matter. Listen and get seen soon. Best of wishes.
6648130	Can non-insertional Achilles tendinopathy cause lower leg to feel tight in back and on sides? Can it cause a pulling feeling when leg extended at knee	Achilles tendon inflammation can cause your symptoms.
392835	I have red bumps on the back of my tongue with some slight white bumps. I have had a sore throat with cough for about 2 weeks.  Yesterday i noticed when i cleared my throat for some phlegm that I have been spitting up from chest congestion and noticed a l	It It sounds like you are dealing with a streptococcal pharyngitis (strep throat). You will need to see your doctor for a rapid strep test, exam, and treatment. If it is strep then you will need antibiotics for at least 7 days. Im the meantime you can take Ibuprofen for pain and gargle with warm salt water. Please seek medical care right away.
522294	2 days ago i hjad throbbing head pain and upset stomach.
Today I have many red bumps on the top of my mouth (hard pallet and a stuffy nose in 1 side?	Infection You may have herpes infection or coxsackie infection. See your doctor.
1170243	My 8 yr old daughter has been getting pins & needles and cramps in her hands and feet almost every day for the past few months.  Should i seek gp?	Unusual symptoms Yes i would definitely see your physician. It may be necessary to ultimately see a pediatric neurologis but first talk to your physician.
1229838	From a week i had water intoxication from drinking 8 litres i vomited twice. I made a CT and soduim its normal but the headache continual till now ?	See neurologists if Headaches persist. You do not give the cause of the water intoxication, and how severe it was. It may take a long time before your sodium levels are back to normal, and headache may persist for some time. If it has been a week or more since the correction of your electrolytes and you still have headache, talk to your pcp or ask to see a neurologist.
403532	Fell 14 feet, keep getting the chills? Hurt right side butt cheek and uper leg	See below Need to see a doctor asap after a fall and injury like you suffered.
1190334	I have acne and I use a soap and cream that is non-comodogenic, but the acne seems to be increasing. What do I do, and what moisturizers can I use?Pls	Need stronger Rx It's past time to get with your personal physician. Since you're a woman who's failed to clear with benzoyl peroxide, the next step may be topical clindamycin, the oral contraceptive pill if it is right for you, topical spironolactone, or a short course of a systemic antibiotic.
1199242	I get brief chest pains in the center of my chest, under my left breast, and the surrounding area.Very brief.I can't tell if its from heart burn or not?	Possibly heartburn You have to be more specific as to when you experience the pains, but heartburn (i. e. Reflux) is possible. Based on your age, it is unlikely that the symptoms are cardiac in nature. The pains could also be musculoskeletal. Check with your pcp, as all chest pains should be evaluated.
177120	What is hepatitis b core ab IgM blood test mean?	Acute infection Hep b core IgM rises in early infection with hepatitis b.
281240	My dad has had an itchy rash on his arms & legs for several months .. He got a cortizone shot, it cleared up & then came back. What could cause this he scratches till there are sores.	Can only guess. Without looking at the rash or a having a good description, the best i can tell you is that it responds to steroids.
527027	I have a cough  and sore thought  and have now got a bad rash on my knees , elbows , ancles and hands . Could you please help ?	Rash See your doctor. There are a number of rashes that are associated with a bacterial or viral infection. The rash needs to be seen for a diagnosis to be made.
6703782	I have blood work in the morning to test my kidneys and liver. If I drink tonight will it affect my results?	See remark If you mean ALCOHOL ,I suggest you abstain from it before the blood test
1487179	11 days late 3 negative HPT lower back pain sore boobs tiredness mild cramps?? Help could i be pregnant? ?	Late period Get a blood HCG and possible sonogram to look for ectopic pregnancy/ retained products/ blighted ovum/ovarian/fallopian dysfunction. If all negative consider evaluation for vaginitis including infection by mycoplasma/ureoplasma( which are normal organisms in the tract but can overgrow)
632576	Is it possible to have a drop in hCG level and still have a healthy pregnancy? Hcg 42, 000 drop to 40, 000 if ultrasound shows heartbeat on thursday?	Yes Hcg levels do go down later in pregencany and the difference between 42, 000 and 40, 000 is not clinically meaningful.
1521493	I keep getting left arm pain between shoulder and elbow. I have osteoarthritis in the neck. Is that why?	Possibly You could have an arthritic bone spur pushing on a nerve causing pain in that area. The other cause that is common is to have a rotator cuff problem in your shoulder that can often cause a referred pain in that area. A detailed exam can usually determine the cause, don't hesitate to be seen.
6748887	Pain on the left and right side of my uterus (ovaries maybe) and I'm not on my period. It radiates to my thighs. Ovarian cysts?	Pelvic pain Pelvic pain is complex as there are several organs in the pelvis. The ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, cervix, bladder, appendix, intestines, colon and rectum can all be the source. Pelvic pain requires and examination to help organize the evaluation. Pain in the lower right abdomen is concerning for appendicitis. If pain is severe see a doctor asap.
6780184	I have not had a period since starting depo provera and started a light spotting the other day. The shot is starting to wear off. Could I be pregnant?	Time for next shot The spotting is telling you to go get your next Depo shot after you run a pregnancy test.
60259	I've been really tired lately an when my period was  due it was light spotting and I have nausea and my breast r really sore could I be pregnant?	Yes Do a pregnancy test!
37191	How long will it be after my tonsillectomy until I can eat real food?	4 weeks I tell all my patients to wait 4 full weeks. Sounds draconian, some ents will say only 2 or 3, but in my opinion better safe than sorry. 4 weeks.
396593	How can I make the pain go away? I have developed some red bumps on the back of my neck. It never itches but i was unable to sleep last night because it felt as if little ants were constantly biting at the area on the back of my neck. Any idea what this c	It It sounds like you could be dealing with something called herpes zoster or shingles. This is a rash that can be painful and can appear like red blisters on the skin. It is caused by a reactivation of the varicella-zoster virus, the virus that causes chickenpox. Otherwise you could be dealing with a dermatitis or infectious process. It is very difficult to say without actually seeing the lesions in question. Please see your doctor right away. Best of luck.
93373	What cause bloating, nausea, throwing up, diarrhea, fever to 101?	Virus Could be a stomach flu.
522616	Chills on&off, nausea, severe headache, occasional diarrhea & no fever for a week & now starting having a slight fever. Any idea?	Difficult I would get seen. It sounds viral, likely, but the time course is long. Check a upt and check your temp, subjective fever is common? R u sleeping at night? Clinch or grind your teeth at night? That's a wide list but the duration, headaches and fever point to needing an appt.
908267	I have bulging at l4-5 and l5-s1 and severe pain in hips and lower legs. What should I do?	Bulging Discs & Pain I do not see a question here so do not know what you want from us. But, discs that bulge hit or press on the nerves coming from that level of the spinal column often causing pain.
1501185	Can I shave my vagina before using clotrimazole cream for yeast infection or no?	Yes You may shave, however I would allow at least 12 hours between shaving and using the cream to allow some healing of the area and hair growth beyond the follicle.
124664	I have been having left knee clicking and clunking now for 5 months after having arthroscopic knee surgery. Is this normal? What damage is being done?	Need more info! No it is not normal you did not specify why the "scope" was done, and what was found and/or fixed. You need to discuss this with the operating ortho-doc, or get a second opinion. Too many questions are unknown, but the advice given is necessary info for you to have!
124704	Just got over flu a week ago. Now have sore throat/cough/headache got small kids, should I worry about being contagious ?	Probably not... Sometimes after a cough has been present for a while, bronchospasm can result once the infection has resolved. If there is residual bronchospasm, symptoms like you describe could be present. Treatment can consist of bronchodilator and steroid inhalers until the cough completely resolves. See your doctor so treatment can be rendered.
6702370	Taking sulfamethoxazole for cellulitis on my leg but now I've been getting tiny really itchy hives on my hands.  Am I allergic and what should I do?	Possible Although I expect an allergic reaction to sulfa to be more generalized, you should stop taking the medication and ask your doctor to prescribe a substitute just in case.
675293	No cough or sputum but I have a wheeze and tight chest. Pred. Value spirometry is 83%. Is this COPD or late onset asthma?	Other factors Asthma is reversible airway obstruction that can start in adults. After taking several puffs of albuterol inhaler, there should be at least 12% improvement in fev1. While 83% falls within normal range, it is not likely normal for you if wheezing and tightness are present. COPD is from smoking and can show obstruction on lung function, but is less likely to be reversible like asthma.
1436635	I get streaks of light in my peripheral vision b 4, during, and after migraines. At times I get lights no headache. Seen eye doc did all tests no prob?	Aura these are called visual aura and are part of classical migraine. If your eye tests are normal, may want to see a doctor for the treatment of migraine
1353363	I have sharp throbbing pains in different parts of my arm and even the back of my legs. Im scared its the formation of blood clots due to a poor diet.	Nope Poor diet could cause aches and pains, but it doesn't make you have blood clots. You could get blood clots from immobility (sitting all the time) or if you have certain underlying conditions (cancer, certain genes), but not from poor diet alone. My advice - clean up your diet, move (exercise), see your doctor to be sure you don't have something scary going on. Good luck!
1429458	Diagnosed with kidney stone. Told fr my primary care physician to drink a lot of water and take pain medication.  How long should I do this.  Months?	Kidney stone It really depends on the size and location of the kidney stone. Smaller stones < 4 mm have a greater than 50% chance of passing. However if the stone is in the kidney it makes it more difficult to predict when it will pass
613576	Can Parkinson's medicine give me high blood pressure?	Generally Not but talk to your physician.
980347	I have shoulder/ chest/ neck muscle pain with shortness of breath when standing or slouching. I stretch my arm and breathing and pain is gone why?	Can't say I would discuss with your physician. Consider neck imaging, ct of the chest to help delineate this issue.
1100834	I'm having light cramps, tender breast, horny, and discharge a lil more then normally but i've had my period already 2weeks ago.How to stop this natural?	Re-evaluate You are very sensitive to estrogen. With anemia, migraine, and painc you might want to be checked for hashimoto's thyroidititis. Be sure you are not pregnant with a home pregnancy test if that is possible. Evening prim rose oil can be helpful for the thyroid and for hormone imbalances. At 20 the most common deficiencies is iron. Magnesium, zinc and vit d are often deficient in patients in pain.
494084	Have a tiny red spot on skin under right chest (upper rib). Not raised or itchy. Looks like cut but isn't.I have  2 others on left pectoral(also tiny)?	Not to worry This sounds like what are called cherry hemangiomas. These are little gifts that you get from one or both of your parents. They are simply made up of hundreds of small blood vessels. These growths never turn bad. You will continue to get more as you get older. They are very easily treated with a laser without leaving any marks.
1091935	I have an odd circular red bump on my inner upper thigh : it is really red,  and about an inch or so in diameter . It itches a lot. What could this be?	Ringworm is a Circular itchy fungus. A characteristic finding is "central clearing".This describes a decrease in the intensity of this "rash" in the middle of the lesion. C a dermatologist for a diagnosis/cure. If not better.
248140	How do I get rid of hormonal acne- the kind that won't respond to face washing and creams?	See a dermatologist Acne is common among women your age. Some have pcos. Tell the dr about any current or recent birth control or pregnancy. Typically this responds best to spironolactone, which counters some of your male hormones.
1391876	What could cause burning/pins&needles/numbness in my upper thighs, and a feeling of a bug biting me/being quickly stabbed w/ a needle in my arms/legs.	Nerve pain This is clearly neuropathic pain meaning some injury or irritation of the nerves. There are many possibilities from endocrine disorders to infections, to toxicities and vitamin deficiencies. You should see your primary care physician and if you do not have one, should see a neurologist.
951575	I have had an itchy scalp for a month. More around the nape of head. No lice. I also have small red bumps that are tender to touch. What could or be?	Get checked out Sounds like you may have folliculitis (an inflammation / infection of the hair follicles) or seborrheic dermatitis. See a dermatologist for proper diagnosis and treatment. Both conditions respond well to treatment.
485659	A 53 year old man has a sudden pain in his rt leg with little swelling , does DVT suceptable please ?	Get Checked for dvt, if symptoms persist.
6751777	Past few weeks I have had problems with my stomach after eating like nausea diarrhea and cramps. Also head aches during the day. What could this be should I see a doctor?	Nausea diarrhea pain May be gastritis with or without H pylori ( a bacteria, Could be gallbladder as well or pancreatic insufficiency ( rare unless you have cystic fibrosis or chronic alcohol) or food intolerances- dairy gluten soy . keep food diary try ranitidine / prevecid once a day f/u with doc/ urgent care
6708651	I took remeron 15mg for 13 days for insomnia but I stopped it after extreme tiredness, headache, neausa, rapid bpm... Is it serotonin syndrome?	Remeron Not Serotonin syndrome, but likely side-effect of the low dose Remeron. Review with your doctor.
1224070	Swollen glands in my throat, my chest feels tight/tired, a cough and a constant bad headache and a fever (sweating/burning to freezing/shivering)?	Sounds viral Could also be mono. See your doctor and have a simple titer drawn.
390477	Will it take more than one laser acne scar treatment to diminish the scars on my face? I am in my late twenties and still have acne scarring left on my face. I want to start having laser treatments done, and I am pretty sure it will take more than one acn	Laser Laser resurfacing can be successful, but does typically take several treatments. It depends the severity of the scarring and the desired results. Perhaps four treatments might be an average, but that really depends. Often, laser treatments are combined with surgical methods if there are "ice-pick" scars. I hope that helps.
929964	Is it possible to get pregnant while taking provera if sexually active during the time?Missed period so was put on 10 mg provera to start cycle.	Yes its possible Provera in that dosage, is not meant for contraception.
558320	I had unprotected sex i don't start my period for about a week and my boobs were hurting for about a few weeks the stoped hurting and now my nipples hurt they are very tender could i be pregnant?	It's possible The symptoms you describe are certainly consistent with pregnancy. It would be appropriate to do a pregnancy test to clarify this.
850116	Left arm feels sore last few weeks I have a lot of knots in my left shoulder blade area and neck. The soreness goes down to elbow what can I do to help	Cervical nerve root Irritation of the mid and lower nerve roots in the cervical spine (neck part of the vertebral column), as in radiculopathy. Certain viral infections (e.g. Herpez zoster) may be implicated in this presentation. Other conditions are possible. Please see your doctor for a detailed evaluation. Until then, otc nsaids as directed.
6754725	Generalized itching for five months. No rash, normal blood work no allergies found. Zyrtec. Benadryl, and hydroxyzine don't work what's wrong with me?	GENERALIZED ITCHING GENERALIZED ITCHING CAN BE DUE TO MANY THINGS: CHANGES IN SOAP OR DETERGENT, CERTAIN MEDICATIONS SUCH AS ANTIBIOTICS, ASPIRIN, OTHER PAIN MEDICATION, PREGNANCY, DIABETES, CHEMICALS, WOOL, FOODS, DRY SKIN, WASHING TOO OFTEN, ECZEMA, PSORIASIS, SCABIES, HIVES, LIVER DISEASE, ANEMIA, AND MUCH MORE. PLEASE SEE YOU PCP OR DERMATOLOGIST. DO NOT WAIT! BEST LUCK
364653	What will happen. I went to physic therapy but the doctor or what ever u call them know my right knee the ball comes out of the socket. I am scaried?	Knee pain Not sure by your description, but it sounds like your patella is subluxing or dislocating, usually to the lateral aspect. Pt and vmo strengthening are indicated.
569250	I have a birth mole, on arm. But i removed it by myself a couple times. It grew  bigger. Can I use mole remover cream? Am i harming myself? Im 16.	See a dermatologist. I'm not a fan of do-it-yourself dermatology. There are some moles - particularly ones that are changing - that can be dangerous. I try to look out for moles with irregular borders, moles that have color variations within them, moles that change colors, itching moles or spontaneously bleeding moles. Sometimes, these can even be malignant melanomas. See the dermatologist so she can help sort it out.
6631916	Stopped Depo in Nov. now I've been experiencing a 2 week period with dark brown  and now red. Took urine test &  blood pregnancy test, both negative. ?	Not unusual After Depo your periods can take a while to become normally spaced and of normal length. Be sure to use two forms of birth control if you are not trying to become pregnant and expect that all will settle down in another month or two.
6629191	Im just 5 weeks along hCG level is 564 doctors found a 1.5-3cm mass on right ovary with blood in it ive been having some dull pain for peace of mine what are the chances baby is growing on my right ovary instead of inside my uterus? Had 1 miscarriage last	Ultrasound You need to see your doctor for an ultrasound examination that should indicate if you have ectopic pregnancy in the ovary. The examination may need to be repeated. The examination does not pose any risk to the baby.
1013732	Found a darker colored splotch on my skin. Does not look like a mole. It's elevated and fairly large, uneven shape. Also itches very slightly?	Any mole, if black o Black or brown moles are worrisome especially if they have more than one color in them. I would suggest you show it to your md or go see a dermatologist, if the md can not be certain.
362889	Nauseas and stomach aches for 3 days with migraine, slight fever and tarry diahrea (took pepto once almost 48 hrs ago)...When should I see a doctor?	Yes Tarry stools can be from internal bleeding within the GI system. Go get checked out.
682706	Suspicious clusters of pleomorphic calcifications found on one breast only during mammogram?	Biopsy A biopsy is needed to confirm what is causing the suspicious microcalcifications. This doesn't automatically mean you have cancer, these biopsies often turn out benign. However, they may be malignant, so biopsy is necessary. Many times microcalcifications can be biopsied with a needle using stereotactic guidance.
1594806	Had protected sex but vagina smelt bad. Shaved myself b4, but seem to have just red, itchy on testical, possible tingle. Got a cold soon after. STD?	Ingrown hairs? This may possibly be just some ingrown hairs with associated itchiness as the shaved area is growing back in. The cold you caught from your girlfriend, quite probably.
1411436	I have an enlarged uterus, 18cms, multiple fibroids, largest 7cms.  Is Hysterectomy my only option, as my doctor seems to think?	No, but . . . There are always options. But some may suit your needs better than others. Having fibroids by itself is not an indication for surgery. We usually recommend a procedure based on the symptoms that you're having. Also your desire for future fertility plays a role. Interventional radiological techniques such as uterine artery embolization can be useful. Having said that, hysterectomy is definitive.
1264676	I just finished having breakthrough bleeding from my birth control but i feel pregnant.I keep having thigh pain, weight gain & smelly urine. Pregnant?	Take a test If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy.
6782473	My ear lobe is red swollen and my jaw is starting to hurt at the hinge.. my ear hasnt been pierced since i was like 10 or younger, why is this happening now?	See a doctor Either you reinjured your ear lobe by forcing earring, or you used earring made from material that you might be allergic to ,so see a doctor for proper evaluation and treatment. Meanwhile take the earring out apply topical antibiotic and take Benadryl by mouth. Again see a doctor.
1152295	I have tender spots and "bone" pain in shoulder and down arm, ankle, calf and ribs, at rest, no trauma. Breathless on exertion. Lower back pain?	What's up? Sounds like something's up. The cornerstone of treatment is an accurate diagnosis. You need one! please get an evaluation - you could have anything!
1158630	Fever for 8 days vomiting diarrhea ear and bronchial infection flu dr hasn't done anything but antibiotics for ear. Getting worse. What can be done?	Viral Very likely viral in origin. Especially if up 2 date on immunizations. If so just able 2 rx the symptoms, not the cause.
678453	I have a cracked tongue, a very sore, red throat and tongue, a white coated hard palate and cheeks, and my r tonsil is swollen and has a hole help!	Infection Get to a primary care provider for evaluation asap.
236227	I have a very itchy red raised rash on arms, spreading, dr. Gave me prednisolone. Overkill?	Maybe. If it's an allergic or contact rash or poison oak, that's a reasonable treatment. But could it possibly be scabies?
236226	I have a swollen gland in jaw with no pain for 2 months. Is it mono?	INFECTIOUS MONO Incubation period is about 30 -50 days, first sx is fatigue, then fever, pharyngitis and symmetric adenopathy. Mono test is positive. Your swollen jaw glands should be differentiated with other conditions causing adenopathy.
650982	Can u take Prozac and valium?	Possibly It would depend on the dosage, your overall condition and the treatment plan. Sometimes they are prescribed together.Sometimes valium might be used until the Prozac reaches a therapeutic level and then it is tapered off. Long term use of valium can lead to dependency on it. You should discuss the game plan with your doctor. Just because you can take them together doesn't mean that you should.
744425	How can you most effectively end dry callus feet?	Callus A callus can be normal due to increase pressure. You can try using moisturizer cream to your feet after getting them wet, you can try an over the counter pumice stone as well to help soften and get rid of the hardened skin. If there is still pain a better description and a referral to a podiatrist may help!
1425904	My legs & feet; numb, weak & tingly. Painful to walk @rest, both feet throb then go"numb". Is this bc of the L2/L5/S1 fracture and DJD in my back.	It certainly could be. The weakness is particularly troublesome. U need to C ur treating Doc. Get his nurse on the phone and describe.
1132848	Allergies/sinuses, 33f, nose runs nonstop, taking Claritin doesn't help. Can i take a zrytech also? Or would sudafed w/ pseudoephedrine  help?	Allergies Your nasal symptoms will respond best to a prescription nasal steroid. Antihistamines seem of limited value in your case. Consider seeing an allergist to achieve adequate control of your symptoms.
6760189	24 male new mole on back. Looking for hard %'s online. What % of new moles are cancer - and % of melanoma? How many months is early detection v. late?	Derm Rather than worry and assess statistics, go and have mole checked by dermatologist.
104564	Left side chest pain w no other symptoms, 4 months. Feels almost like tearing when I exhale. Blood work, ekg, and chest xray r fine. What could it b?	Rib pain It sound like you have a rib out of place. They can be extremely painful and difficult to treat. If all other testing is normal, you might consider an evaluation by a chiropractor.
290582	Which birth control method is least likely to cause depression/fatigue/weakness?	Talk with U PCP He will be able to give the best advice, in addition iu device and condoms.
749450	Pressure and popping in ears and head. Neurologist and ENT didn't help. Had MRI and hearing test both normal. Antibiotics and steriods didn't work.  No other issues. Going crazy...Any ideas...?	ALLERGY TESTS Sounds like allergic rhinitis/sinusitis, if you have not get your self checked for allergies my advice is to get that checked.
1236997	I get a lot of urinary tract infections and i was born with out one kidney , i get bad headaches and know i'm having nose bleeds , is this bad ?	Symptoms All of these symptoms may or may not be connected to one cause. This sounds like you need to have a primary care doctor with whom you can communicate effectively. Check with friends and relatives to find a physician who will spend the time and effort to evaluate you and explains their findings to you effectively. Good luck.
1199819	I can't find my cause for dystautonomia/pots and i, keep getting worse. I also have 1st degree av block sleep apnea GERD gilberts syndrome minor neuropahy and syncope. Mayo clinic could not find a cause?	Dysautonomia Autonomic dysfunction is involved in many neurodegenerative conditions. You may need to get several opinions from experienced neurologists that diagnose/treat dysautonomia before you find one who can.
963006	If someone licks my vagina can I get chlamydia?	It can be Transmitted through oral, anal or vaginal sex.
1151750	Congested nose/ headache top of head/nose drips/really sensitive to high scents.Is this my sinus draining?I don't go outside a lot to get fresh air.	Sounds like It could bee your sinuses. Do you have any allergies?--see your pcp if it continues.
6625491	My right hand has numbness and some swelling in the two smaller fingers and my right elbow is tender..I've been icing the elbow should I emoblize it?	Many question though When and how did this happen? Any injury? Do you have any associated medical conditions like RA or SLE? Do you do repeated work using Right hand? Icing is good . Anti Inflammatory medicine like Advil/Aleve may give you temporary relief. You may need to get examined in person if continues to get worse.
530338	They  are 30.000 docs on here so some one tell me why i, m having shoulder uperleft chest pain and rib are sore this going on for long time .	See your doctor These are symptoms that require a thorough evaluation by your doctor. Only after obtaining this informstion, can he/she adequately diagnose and treat you.
1437906	How lose weight while on Lyrica, cymbalta, IVIG, Xolair and many others?  I have CVID, HIES, IBS, Depression, Spinal Problems + allerigic to NSAids.	Losing Weight Depending on your BMI you might be a good candidate for BARIATRIC SURGERY.
1109323	Feeling of heavy head, dizziness for 3 days, stiff neck, a cold for 1 week, feels like steam is actually coming out of my ears should I run to d docto?	Got flu? Influenza flu is a viral infection that effects your respiratory system. The symptoms are: muscle ache, headache, congestion, weakness and fatigue. No treatment is need it. Good rest and lots of water.
6715526	Back pain under shoulder blade that radiates around into chest behind breast on right side, right forearm pain...what is the cause?	R/O THORACIC DISC Given the Nature and duration of your symptoms I would be concerned with arthritis or herniation of a disc in the thoracic region. T4-6 You need to be examined have labs checked. Thoracic spine X-ray and thoracic MRI. TX : Consists of PT/ NSAIDS/MUSCLE RELAXANT/GABAPENTIN/LYRICA/SAVELLA). GLUTEN FREE DIET(. WHOLEAPPROACH.COM GUTBLISS.COM)
1555127	Naked foreplay, slight penetration. Stomach cramps, sore upper legs, backpain, small amount of bloating and mood swings. Period or pregnancy symptoms?	Slight penetration Do not know exactly what that means. If you had penetration then risk of pregnancy depending on your fertile period. If you miss period do pregnancy test. Though symptoms seem consistent with period
1433219	Head pressure and headaches. Jaw tight when opened. Some drainage. Back of neck and shoulders are tight. Going on about a month. Ears clicking too?	Neck Sounds like a combination of TMJ and cervical or neck neuralgia. although warm compresses may help go see your doctor and maybe a neurologist. Then your dentist
1158186	Lump in throat, nervousness, shaky hands , tiredness, difficulty yawning and taking deep breaths, panicking, random soreness and pain what could this be ?	Anxiety A feeling of apprehension, tension or uneasiness related to a real or imagined threat to one's sense of self or body, is most frequently associated with acute pain. If you're worrying too much and it's interfering with your life, work and/or relationships it is time to see a doctor. If you have suicidal thoughts and plans seek help immediately.
1480825	My hCG level was 92.6, I'm about 4 weeks pregnant. Is this low for the first blood test?	No There is a wide variation in normal HCG levels during pregnancy. See this site for more info. http://americanpregnancy.org/duringpregnancy/hcglevels.html
6747422	My 3 yrs old son has red bumps on his elbows.they're not itchy.He's got them for 6 days now .He had the mmr jab 2 wks ago.	Possible Ringworm Will be able to help you better if you can upload a picture. Any other symptoms besides the rash ?
548529	Unprotected sex with bf for a while now. I noticed  grainy skin on the inner part of my labia minor,  and 3 small painless bumps on right  minora?	Needs evaluation Lumps and bumps are often normal but they need to be looked at. Genital warts are very common and could be described the way you mention.
759551	My girlfriend is experiencing nausea headaches mood swings and cramps she is just getting off of Depo-Provera shot could that just because of these symptoms?	Migraines Migraine headaches can present with nausea and mood swings. Migraines can be triggered by hormonal changes like those provoked by coming off certain hormonal treatments. Consult with your physician for adequate diagnosis and treatment.
531747	I can't touch one of my knees to my chest and the hip joint on that leg has been hurting for a few days. What could be wrong?	See your doctor You sould see your doctor. This lump needs to be palpated by your doctor and he/she needs to be able to put the rest of your symptoms in perspective.
768159	The fingers on my right hand are tingling and the right side of my lips and tongue are a little numb. What is the problem?	Unknown Not sure, but your age places you in the at risk category for stroke or heart disease. I would head to the closest urgent care center and get checked out, especially since your symptoms are isolated to one side of your body.
1431502	I have acute bronchitis. After using albuterol and Symbicort, Bromfed and fluticasone nasal spray I am feeling a bit better. Can I drink alcohol?	You can the alcohol will not interact with those medications but the best advice if you are sick is to stay well hydrated and get some rest to ensure a full and rapid recovery.
6787566	Hello -- I have had a sore "rash" like symptoms that appeared after my period -- this rash, has made my vaginal skin dry, and it has started peeling, besides this, it is painful, and itchy. The Labia Minora has become inflamed and extremely sore. What do	See a doc unclear, you need an exam to figure out what is going on.
1475300	Can I relate  swollen lymph nodes in my neck/throat to having recently had chlamydia?	Lymph nodes Chlamydia can cause swollen neck lymph nodes especially if you had oral sex.
804041	What causes rid of a staph infection?	Staph By giving antibiotic that the staph is sensitive to , if the skin/nostril is colonized by staph, good hygiene and the use of local antibiotic to the nostril ( mupirocin/bactroban) can help.
1202300	Can ANA be + (1.160) 2 yrs ago then - now  ESR varies from 25-40 but normal now ccp 5<5 at the moment aching all over, ache &burning sens in hands ra?	Paradox The great paradox of the use of labs in rheumatology is that despite the large number that are available, the diagnosis depends more on history and physical exam than in any other specialty. Esr fluctuates from day to day and doing it is full of pitfalls. The low ccp does speak against rheumatoid arthritis, but the real question is, "how to treat?" and that's where labs can't take your dr's place.
1523567	Blisters, itching, burning on vagina.and pee smells bad?	These symptoms may be related to infection. You need medical evaluation. take care.
738390	My son has asthma is taking advair and singulair daily. Is there anything else that i can do to improve his asthma?	See an allergist Identifying and avoiding triggers can also help. See an allergist for testing. Allergy shots can be beneficial for allergic asthmatics. Patients with moderate to severe asthma who are allergic to year-round allergens and who do not experience control with the usual medications may be candidates for xolair injections.
1443822	Migraines nausea fatigue diarrhea sharp stomach pains inner trembling loss of appetite. Began 5dys ago after vertigo in shower/vomiting. Period in 2wk?	Recommend ER visit. Your symptoms with sharp abdominal pains, call for an evaluation in the emergency department of the hospital of your choice.
394461	Is my girlfriend pregnant? She has had her period, but being constantly hungry and having mood swings. She doesn't have sore breast or nausea. She had her "period" slightly late. Though she said it was heavy. She has also been through a lot of stress late	You You are right, stress can cause hormone fluctuations and changes in periods, as can weight changes (too high or too low of a weight). As she had her period now, it is unlikely she is pregnant, but if the period is very light she should still consider taking a pregnancy test to be sure, as some pregnancies can cause "spotting", or light bleeding. But if it is her normal period then it is obviously very unlikely that she is pregnant.
724038	I have been having  blood pressure for 3 yr at 140/150 by 90 and does  disodium hyrogen citrate liquid for UTI infection gud for me?	Not likely Disodium citrate is the acid salt of citric acid. It is used as an antioxidant in food as well as to improve the effects of other antioxidants. Also used as an acidity regulator and found in products including gelatin, jam, sweets, ice cream, carbonated beverages, milk powder, wine, and processed cheeses, and may help prevent utis, but not proven. Likely not harmful, though.
569207	I have a dark spot in my vagina, pain in my left uterus area &  blood in my urine was found without infection.  What may this be caused by?	Needs to be examined You have blood in urine without evidence of infection and pain and some kind of spot on your vagina you need to be examined and need some imaging like cat scan or ultrasound exam to find out the cause of pain and blood in the urine.
508933	Today i noticed that my feet are swollen. I take high blood pressure medicine for my thyroid and i'm also on birth control. Is this normal?	Many reasons For swelling. High bloodpressure medication may do this in some instances. Other vascular or systemic conditions can cause chronic swelling. See your physician.
6705440	Long sinus infection 3 weeks after oral in March. Slight headaches. Now stye on eye. Random muscle/bone pain, and red bump under tongue for week. HIV?	If you took risks, If you are aware that you do high HIV risk activities, you need to practice safety measures ALWAYS - condoms, clean needles, other prophylactic devices, etc. Also, appropriate testing and possibly prevention drugs. If you do not take risks, the chance is low, but a test may reassure you. Take care!
723021	I have diarrhea  and stomach cramps with nausea and vomiting, what can a buy or do to relieve my symptoms? 2 days of of symptoms no fever	Viral gastroenteriti Likely rotovirus or norvirus or similar pathogen. Should clear up in 2-4 days. Treat symptomatically with medications from your friendly pharmacist. If it persists, see a doctor. Stay hydrated. If you cannot, see a doctor.
1318475	Been fightning sinusitis, dental surgery, for three months. ENT DDS say all looks good. Yet WBC still 12. still on allergy anxiety meds. Whats next?	Consultation You may have multi-system infection. You may have infected teeth as well as infected sinus. Please see Endodontist or Oral Surgeon.
6773497	My nose is only dry on the right side i try nasal spray even wetting the inside with water and when i look inside my nose it seems as if it's swollen?	Swollen, dry nose Greetings. The dryness inside your nose may be due to rhinitis and your inner nasal anatomy. A deviated nasal septum, turbinate enlargement or even a subtle bacterial overgrowth in the front of your nose could be responsible for your troubles. Saline nasal spray and an OTC topical nasal gel may help. It may be worth a trip to see your ENT doctor to have a more thorough evaluation.
1385446	I went to the doc for knee pain she said it's a bone spur and I just need physical therapy but im in so much pain is that all I really need?	U may want a second opinion from an Orthopedist. Take copies of all X-rays .Ask PT who is good.
83151	Having a hard time staying asleep any suggestions? Melatonin makes me anxious....	Insomnia Best approach is to find out the cause, for example eating late or alcohol or caffeine, medical issues or medications, and treating that.
1321815	Knee pain, instability and painful cracking. MRI shows degeneration of meniscus but no tear. Severe Osteoarthritis. Am I looking at knee replacement?	Eventually Yes, a knee replacement is almost certainly in your future. However, 55 is on the young side for this surgery. Knee sleeves, NSAIDs and injections such as Synvisc or Orthovisc may help and should be tried first.
342660	I have small itchy spots on my lower lip. It gets itchy everytime i eat seafoods. After it itchbit gets scaly. Is there anyway i could get rid of it?	See below Symptoms and concerns like these mandate a thorough evaluation by your doctor. Only after such an evaluation, which may include labs and radiographic examinations, can he/she let you know what's going on and how best to help you.
1292169	I have had swollen lymph nodes in neck/groin for over three months now. Also, day after drinking alcohol I have painful swelling in neck. Why?	Exam You must be examined and obtain specific blood testing and imaging for further evaluation of neck masses. Stop alcohol now!
752582	I have a raw spot just underneath my clitorial hood after oral sex. It's tender to touch. I have an itchy vulva. No discharge stinging or burning ?	Need to see doc A tender ulceration or bump on the genitals needs to be evaluated. This is a question that can not be answered without an exam. A tender bump or ulcer could be genital herpes or other infections. Please schedule a visit promptly.
1292164	My last period was march 17 . I had unprotected sex on the 5 of march and used plan b. 16 days late on my period and sore breast negative pregnant test ?	May need to test Although emergency contraceptives like Plan B prevents about 74% of pregnancies, there is still the chance you could have become pregnant. It's hopeful that you did have a period following the planb (was it a normal period?) but it's possible you could still be pregnant or your body is just adjusting to the large dose of progestin from the planb. See your doctor for testing if more than 21 d past.
1464250	I have sinusitis and my doctor gave me Biorinil (nasal spray) to use when I get attacks. But the taste brothers me! Isn't there any good tasting one?	Nose They all taste pretty bad unfortunately. Many people get used to them, but give your doctor a call to see if he can prescribe something else.
1503749	My husband has just been diagnosed with a-fib & high heart beat & taking betapace,zorcor,digoxin,coumadin. How serious is all of this?	Variable Your husband ought to see a reputable, good cardiologist. Digoxin is an old drug, that typically is not used today -- "to dig or not to dig" article by Milton Packer, MD. So I am surprised that was started. Many other drugs to treat AF nowadays and even put patient back in normal rhythm. See an electrophysiologist and get an opinion for rhythm vs. rate control. CHADs-Vasc score important
1464255	I am 22 yr. 1 of the doc diognised me  & gave ecosprin 325 mg 12 tab 3tab/time. 4 times nw stopped takng that tab  but i hear sound in ear pls gv rmdy?	Aspirin and tinnitis You don't say exactly what the nature of the sound is or how long ago you stopped the aspirin. However, high doses of aspirin can cause a ringing sensation in the ears known as tinnitis that will resolve after the aspirin is stopped. If the sound you hear is something substantially different or if it has been more than a week since you stopped the aspirin I would recommend you see your doctor
955987	I have stabbing pain in my legs and arms. Also having tinglings and numbness in legs and feet. Difficulty with balance and weaknesswhat can it be? Ms?	Imaging Do you have an EMG or any imaging studies? These would be useful to help elucidate what might be going on.
533219	Pain tights calfs constant and bicep when i touch run climb downstairs blood spine brain MRI clear emg slight fasciculation  doc says bfs is ipossible?	Need CPK aldolase t Inflammations causes leaking of CPK and aldolase if muscele inflamed myositis.
94970	Is it normal to hear like a weird sound in ear whilst having an ear infection?	Yes It depends on what you mean by "weird. " you can hear popping, ringing, buzzing, etc. To be safe, get it checked.
526619	Its 16 dpo. Sexually active. Brown red light (not much) spotting started today. Is it indication that period has started or could be pregnant?	UPT Take a pregnancy test.
94973	Why would my thumb and 2 fingers closest to it go numb when I bend my elbow?	Radial nerve That part of the hand is innervated by the radial nerve. You may have a compression of the nerve near the elbow. Have your doctor look at it.
1478095	Hey I'm 19 n I get bad chest pain my heart goss really fast n goes really slow sometimes I can't breath and sometimes the pain starts for my neck ?	Perth? Fantastic to get questions from Australia! You need to wear a 24 hour monitor and press the button to mark your strips when you feel your heart beating either abnormally fast or slow so the reader can correlate your symptoms with what your heart is actually doing. At your age (19), it's highly unlikely that your chest & neck pain are heart related - muscular is way more likely.
526962	I have a rash on my hands , the side of my knees and on my elbows?	See your doctor These symptoms can only be adequately diagnosed only after a thorough evaluation by your doctor. This may include labs and other satudies. Once all of the information is in, your doctor can let you know what's going on, and what to do to help you.
6790902	What is cause for 3 week very sore throat/strangled feeling in neck negative for strep, thyroid, herpes, mono?	Next step is a CT and/or ENT (ear nose throat) consultation. At your age the most common things are tonsil/ adenoids enlargement, thymoma, laryngeal polyp and thrush (fungal infection). Sometimes esophagitis from acid reflux can also cause similar feeling. Hope this helps and thanks for trusting in HealthTap.
6706382	I'm finishing a round of sulfa for a sinus infection.  Feeling much better. inside of my nose is raw,crusty,bloody & so painful.   Using saline spray?	Yes Saline spray can help tremendously. If using mist, use throughout the day (at least 6-8 times) and if using irrigation (neti-pot), use at least twice/day. Can also apply petrolatum intranasally (Vaseline or Aquaphor).
1121574	2004 had a hysterectomy and only have 1 ovary left. In the last 2 days i've had terrible lower abdominal pain like period pain & tender itchy breasts?	2 things I don't think your breast pain and itching is due to your hysterectomy or abdominal pain. Itching can sometimes be a sign of a yeast infection on the skin. Tender breasts can be hormonal as well. The lower abdominal pain could be due to something on your remaining ovary. A pelvic exam and ultrasound could prove that. In addition cannot exclude the intestine has a cause for that pain.
1580079	Loestrin for 8 years. Yeast infection symptoms for months two doctors tested no STD or yeast or UTI treated for yeast multiple times anyway. No relief?	Needs to be specific What are yeast infection symptoms that are being treated?What did vaginal cultures show?
1336088	I'm wondering can the urine dipstick test detect gonorrhea and chlamydia?	Which one ? There are several dipstick tests. The common ones only look for stray materials that can show up in the urine is various concentrations.The regular dipstick test does not look for STD's. There are special tests that can be done on urine that are not as sensitive as others in detecting them, but might.
1580070	28yr f, knee pain, MRI says joint effusion & chondromalacia. I swim for exercise. 0 injuries. What could cause this? Treatment possibilities? Thanks	? Of mid-20&#x27;s female ? of chronic knee pain with effusion. In a young female the observations which should be made are whether she has Hypermobility Syndrome (Brighton Criteria) & genu varum/valgus. Absent acute injury, repetitive gravitational stress can evoke non-linear patellar mobility & patellofemoral wear & tear. See an Osteopath & Podiatrist. Reconfigured shoes might help realign the longitudinal axis of leg.
1326374	What to do if I have high neutrophilis, low lymphs & monocytes , high glucose and low IgG subclass 1 &3?	Talk with your Dr Labs mean nothing in isolation. This is concerning and you have a right to talk with a specialist if need be -- an endocrinology and clinical immunology consult may be in order.
1011607	Survival for 42yr. Woman, breast cancer both breasts, no smoking, drinking. 2 children. Pat. Grandmother and aunt died from it.Early stage.Nipple invert. Slowly from breast feeding over 9yrs.Saw dr.	BREAST CANCER The survival of this 42 years old patient is good as long as it is detected early, rx like chemo or radiation given, or oral rx like Nolvadex given x few years. No metastasis or adequate rx by oncologist. That is the reason why we do yearly mammogram for DX and rx.
1448440	I have a tight feeling behind my knee (posterior leg) after I sit down for a period of time and then stand up. What might be causing this?	Baker's cyst? A Baker's or popliteal cyst is a herniation of fluid from the knee into the area behind the knee, usually due to some acute strain upon the knee with increased fluid therein. A Doppler of the leg would confirm the cyst and hopefully negate any blood clot, which is unlikely with your description.
620086	2 left neck lymph nodes swollen after 3 months.Also, pain when touched under portion of right jawline.Have tmj, sinuses, allergies.Bloodwork normal.?	Tmj Swollen lymph nodes are not associated with tmj. They are associated with the immune system. They can be swollen due to bacterial infections, viral infections, and on rare occasions cancer. Please see your md for a diagnosis.
1380387	I take fenofibrate lipid regulating agent,thus it trigger allergy.eg.sneezing watery nose,redness of both eyes,itchiness of tongue with preckles ontop?	Fenofibrate The pattern is not consistent with an allergy to this drug. asthma like symptoms can rarely occur to Fenofibrate but the eyes and nose are involved as you describe it is almost always an inhalant.
1380380	Blotchy rash in malar pattern along with migrating joint/muscle pain, chest pain, fatigue. rheum says it's not lupus due to bloods. no idea what it is?	Impossible to say There are many disorders that can present with the symptoms you describe. Does your rheumatologist have any idea what it is? If not, get another opinion.
1321347	I feel dizzy, i breath heard, my shouldes, my neck and my back head heards, my blood presure is variable, anxiety. Can be my spondylosis the cause?	Multiple things Sounds like at least there is pain and anxiety involved which may be affecting all your other systems. Have you considered an appointment with a doctor....or your doctor? Conservative techniques such as relaxation maneuvers, visual imagery, and of course, appropriate treatment for the pain depending upon what's causing it. Good luck.
620081	I have diverticulosis in the sigmoid colon, and atranal gastritis , i also have severe constant right upper quadrant pain but CT scan showed nothing?	May be from gastriti Your rt quadrant pain may be from antral gastritis and should respond to the treatment for gastritis.
6790041	Can having 5 kids cause veins to show on stomach a period of time? Had mild fatty liver 2 yrs ago elevated enzymes 1 yr ago normal 4 a yr. Cirrhosis	Confusing please explain about cirrhosis when you resubmit your question.
549128	What if I have burning feelings as i pee, yellow sperm, odorless discharge and an itchy urethra and burninv when i ejaculate? I  am sexually active	See a doctor This sounds like urethritis, and inflammation and probable infection of the tube carrying urine from your bladder thru the penis. This may well be an std and in addition to getting it diagnosed and treated you should be thoroughly tested for other stds, including HIV and syphilis, among others.
760373	One side of my labia is swollen & hurts when i touch it or wipe after peeing. No odor or discharge. Just finished antibiotics for UTI & on birth contr?	Yeast infection? I do not know why one side is swollen but the other is not. Any trauma? Perhaps you have a yeast infection with associated irritation and swelling? There can also be an abscess or clogged/infected gland. Try warm soaks and see your doctor.
1513736	I have a lump in front of each ear  both a redish color. The one on the right formed first now no longer in pain. The left is warm to touch, in pain.	Pre ear lumps The lumps in from of your ears are likely pre-auricular ( ear) lymph nodes that are inflamed. You may have an ear/sinus/ tooth infection. Would follow up with your doctor.
545310	My penis keeps itchy me, and am suffering from three small white spots going around the side of my penis just below my helmet what could it be.	Penis Could be yeast. Get it looked at as it could also be many other things.
1440429	The left tip of my nose is swollen and red, it hurts a lot when I touch it. Its givin me a headache on the left, left eye and ear started  hurtin too.	Nose Sounds like you have an infection of the nose which can come from an infected hair follicle or by picking your nose. You need to get this checked right away to make sure there is no abscess in the nose. You need antibiotics.
6738751	Can Sinus Tachycardia cause pvc and/or other form of arhytmia? if heart is normal and all tests ok (didnt do holter but rest yes) can it be dangerous?	Sinus tachy sinus tachycardia does not lead to PVC or other unusual arrhythmias. However sinus tachycardia, although most of the time healthy response, sometimes there are reasons to have inappropriate sinus tachycardia or other causes such as hyperthyroidism or anemia. If sinus tachycardia is the dominant rhythm during day time, it needs evaluation by an electrophysiologist.
1322549	I have extreme itchying redness and dry  skin in the area where my pubic hair grows.I been using ketoconazole cream but its not helping. What can it b?	Many things Could be an allergic reaction to soap, bubble bath, shaving (if you shave there), etc. Also could be a hair follicle infection, or even pubic lice. You should be checked by a doctor to see which it is. Good luck!
1390009	What is involved in the two week follow up exam after inguinal hernia surgery? Is this the only follow up appointment?	Eval progress In general, the two week follow up allows enough time for initial swelling and pain to subside. The incision is checked, acceptable activity levels are reviewed, and specific questions answered. Some level of pain is usually still present with certain movements. At six weeks one should be free to advance to full activity as tolerated.
1118666	? Er, left sided pelvic pain. Age 40 . Have cyst . Never have bleeding between cycles. Large amounts of bright red blood pain w/ tampon , pain ^. Family h/o mult gyn cancers. No gyn doc in new state.	You need a gynecolog This sounds very concerning, ms. Mcgrath. You seriously need a gynecologist.
1467407	I don't know what happening now.
Totally right n left,center uterus cramps,lower abdominal,urine foul smell,lower back pain and dizziness,sleepy,why?	UTI Bladder infection. Please see your doctor .
661953	I have major depression and atrial fibrillation, are there a lot of other people like this out there? Also im only 37 years old.	Atrial fibrillation Atrial fibrillation and depression are both common phenomena so there are many people with both. They are not necessarily related and because both are common, hard to prove relationship.
1497705	Back tooth hurting no cavity looks like wisdom tooth makes me bite my cheek causing pain on right side of face pain runs to bottom teeth what can I do?	See a dentist Pain could be due to several causes, including trauma , percoronitis, periodontal abscess, tooth abscess. ...see a dentist
302975	On mirena. Just finished doxy and metronidazole, period due in a couple days. Sore breasts for a couple weeks, pink spotting, dizziness? Normal?	Yes Combination of above antibiotics can get you nauseated and dizzy.
1448626	I take OTC allergy meds everyday. I heard it can be helpful to switch OTC allergy meds every 3-4 months. Is this true? Zyrtec, Claritin, Allegra?	Ask an allergist I think most clinicians agree that if a drug proves efficacious, meaning it works well for you personally, you continue to use that drug for as long as it works well. If you find that none of the OTC allergy drugs work well for you, then, with the help of your primary doctor, attempt to find the one that works best and stick with it.
302973	Hello, I am 31 yrs old and married for 4 years, one of my fallopian tube is blocked . I need information should I go for laproscopy surgery or not.?	See fertility doctor If one tube is fine, a woman can get pregnant from that good side (similarly for a woman who has lost one ovary but has the other one). If not able to get pregnant, the fertility doctor can help. The doctor may use in -vitro fertilization to overcome tubal infertility because ivf is more cost-effective, less invasive of a procedure, and gives immediate results by placing an embryo into the uterus.
6758729	Two days posted colonoscopy still gassy and having pain cramps in lower abdomen not severe also no bm yet tried to go yesterday mucus with  tan blood?	Colonoscopy. it is not unusual to have some gassiness and to not yet have had a bowel movement on the second day after a colonoscopy. However, it is not normal to have any bleeding afterwards. If you are having bleeding, you should call the doctor who did your colonoscopy to discuss it. Good luck.
1015295	Elbowed near the temple front top of right ear 4 days ago. Small bump, pain to touch. Little discomfort in right eye during mornings. Hurts to put pressure. No bruise. No dizziness or black out.	Probably contusion Probably a muscle contusion. It does not sound like you're having significant symptoms and these take a while to fully resolve. At this point it does not sound like something that you need to worry about.
504492	I had a total knee replacement 11 months ago. I still have lots of pain, swelling and warmth in the knee. I also have crunching under knee cap. ?	See your surgeon You nneed to see your knee surgeon. You may have an infection or just inflammatory reaction. The crunching i wouldn't worry about but you want to worry about the function of your knee. And how much pain yo uar having...This definitely needs to be looked at!
369612	I have a lump on my left side about 2in below my breast it is soft but tender to the touch and does not move?	Get it checked Typically cancerous lumps are hard, painless and does not move around. It is probably a boil or a swollen oil gland called a sebaceous cyst.
1074787	Last pd was 9/4 & spotted 10/2. 11/22 had pos blood pregnant test w hCG 70, 2nd test 11/27 hCG 672 is that norm? Urine neg when can hve ultrasound duedate	Within normal range We like to see the HCG double every 2-3 days in early pregnancy, and yours is doing that. Vaginal ultrasound will usually see a pregnancy once the HCG is over 1000, but it's usually better to wait about 1 week after that to be able to see the fetus and heartbeat.
6688474	I had dry skin on my penis. I masturbate alot and tonight I noticed a small bump on the dry skin after receiving oral sex and masturbatingAny concern?	See remark Where is the bump? on dry skin? is it by the head of the penis ,or on the shaft ? hopefully there was no trauma during oral sex. ...probably it will go away if there is no ulcer that needs treatment. There are a zillion things that can occupy you at your age,pursue some activity.....
1552143	I have a bump on my stomach which has a very small dark head to it and flat. Its red around surrounding area, very tender to touch. Been 3-4 days.	Boil Usually any lump in the skin that gets more tender and red and larger indicates a skin infection. I would use warm compresses to the area and see your doctor in the morning.
284984	Slight fever, headaches, chills, hot sweats, sore throat, stuffy nose and not wanting to eat. What could be wrong?	See below It sounds like you're coming down with a respiratory infection. We get over 99% of these with fluids, chicken soup and tylenol. If symptoms become unbearable, see your doctor.
1493931	I have herpes simplex 2, but i rarely have any major outbreaks . Now i got bumps that are red, itchy,and swollen. Is this a outbreak? In my pubic area	No way to know Herpes is usually painful. Not just itchy. If the outbreak is different than your normal then prob not. You might check with your doc to look at it to see if the lesions look like Herpes
1271644	Why does neosporin and triple antibiotic ointment cause skin irritation to the penis like pain, burning and boil like pimples near the head?	Allergy You likely are having allergic reaction to one of the ingredients.
1168543	Do breast cancer patients have to have cat scans done after treatment?	Not all Depends on stage. Patients with very early stage have extremely low risk of having detectable metastases on a scan so we usually don't do scans unless there is a symptom or a sign of potential spread. Patients with higher stage or inflammatory cancers usually get initial staging scans because they have higher odds of having mets. In the end it should be a judgment call of the treating doc.
193466	What viral infections include these symptoms: fever, sore throat, and cold symptoms?	Many Epstein barr virus (mononucleosis), cocksakie a & b, adenovirus, .
1100793	Can ebv/mono cause achy knee pain in both knees that won't get better.	It might Ebv like many viruses can cause joint pain at times the pain may be associated with joint swelling. The joint symptoms may last several weeks .If they persist longer you must consider other possibilities.
279723	With all my different medicine I take for my heart can I take amoxicillin 875 mg tablet  for mi teeth the dentist gave me?	Yes It would appear that you must have the antibiotics to act as a preventive to be in your bloodstream prior to having any dental work done especially if there may be a possibility of your gums bleeding during the procedure, which normally always does some. Don't worry about the number of meds you are taking. Be thankful they are looking out for your health.
1282838	Stepped into a hole yesterday, knee gave out, fell into a fence.  Knee swollen/painful/ hard to get it to bend/straighten.  Calf is also swollen?	Knee problem Elevate your leg/foot, put ice, wrap and let it rest for a few days or until able to walk. Crutches may be helpful. See your doc in the next few days especially if no improvement is seen.
6719477	I had a positive Igg and negative Igm when tested for Mycoplasma daes that mean   I don't have a current infection ,but had one in the past?	Yes Yes IGM will indicate recent infection
6719475	How long will Vitamin C make me gassy? I took 3000 mg this morning at 10 am and it's currently 10 pm and I'm experiencing stomach bloating/gas	Varies Please note; there is absolutely no reason for you to take that much in a day. 500 mgs would be plenty. I would prefer you to obtain vitamin C through foods rather than pills when at all possible
1550772	Iam on the Depo-Provera shot but I'm experiencing pregnancy like symptoms such as frequent urinating, cramps, headaches, little movement ,and heavy breasts.	It's possible that you are pregnant. The failure rate of DepoProvera is 0.5%. Check a home pregnancy to be certain. Thanks for trusting HealthTap!
1289262	Past month had sore with red bumps back of throat, white tongue, swollen tonsils. Strep=neg. Occured days after sex w another guy. Coincidental? Std?	Sore throat Viral illnesses can cause tonsillitis and ulcers in the back of throat. Gonorrhea which is transmitted sexually can cause pharyno-tonsillitis but most infections are asymptomatic.
151993	I started having chest pains and shortness of breath, dizziness, numbness in my left arm 4 days ago. Numbness has lessened but my pulse is 120 at rest?	Possibly anxiety Depending on your age and cardio risk factors anxiety could be your problem. Pulse of 120 should be looked into if persists. There are many possibilities. Ie pinch nerve in neck, heart arrhythmia, or coronary artery disease. I would see my pcp.
1338458	What causes a sharp stabbing pain between breasts closer to left side?Intermittent.Only lasts seconds.PCP says heart ok.  Should I seek cardiologist?	Atypical chest pain The description of your pain does not appear to be of cardiac origin. Cardiac pain usually lasts few minutes, is associated with shortness of breath,sweating, feeling of weakness ,is more like a feeling of chest tightness or heaviness & usually comes with exertion .If you are very concerned about it then only get a regular stress test to reassure you Dr Vishnu Gaiha
6635803	I have small white bumps on the inside of my vagina lips. It itches and burns when I wipe after urinating and it itches frequently.	Needs to look at it With new skin lesions in the genital area it is always a good idea to to be by your doctor for appropriate diagnosis. It can be anything from a mild dermatitis, infection, std, pimple or laceration.
6733690	My daughter is on amoxicillin and I gave her motrin to help with the pain.  She has poison ivy, can I give her benadryl too?	Yes Poor girl! You didn't say what the amoxicillin is for, and the pain is from.. ? Anyway, it's fine to give benadryl along with ibuprofen and amoxicillin. No interactions. Just make sure she takes them with food so she doesn't get nauseated. Aveeno bath, calamine lotion help the poison ivy as well. If it continues to spread, or is on the face or genitals, call your pediatrician for stronger meds
1237077	6th pregnancy, 6 weeks pregnant extreme sudden period cramps in belly and lower back no bleeding but very strong waves of it, eased of bit now, normal?	Contact OB No. Of course this is not normal. It is very worrisome. Please contact your OB today.
32582	I'm permanently swollen and have a painful knee joint, what could this be?	Knee pain Is it unilateral? Consider meniscal or ligament tear, arthritis, strain or quad/patellar tendon tear, clot, edema, vascular or neurogenic issues.
311789	Cyst ovarian rupture during surgery can my gyn still find what cand cyst I have on pathology and the ovary saved?	No If they find a cyst they can aspirate it, but they won't be able to find the original rupture. If you ovaries are only causing occasional issues and you want to keep them then go ahead and keep them.
1593444	I have a painless 1cm red bump at the top of my lower lip. I've had canker sores before but never had a cold sore. However, I can't tell what this is.	At the top of your l Lip it's usually a canker sore. If you wish to have it looked at I could see you for a virtual concierge consult through healthtap for a more definitive diagnosis and treatment. During the virtual consult I may see pictures of your lip or a live webcam as well. Best wishes.
929135	Stomach pains/cramps, dizziness , sore, tired, loss if appetite, head ache.? Help?	Viral illness You have symptoms of a viral illness but because of your age i would rule out mono by your doctor or the er.
6794216	Can I take antihistamine tabs with coderone tabs and ramipril capsules?	Here are some... Both Amiodarone and ramipril are used for irregular heart beat and high blood pressure, and antihistamine, theoretically, should not have direct adverse side effects with the above both drugs. But, as we age, our functional reserve declines so becoming more vulnerable to additive effects from multiple drug use. Hence, ask your doc first so to minimize unwanted side effects.
519028	Hi, I have a yeast infection and now period is really light compared to usual, pregnant or not?	Could be or not Do a home pt if - your doc can do a blood one, teh yeast has nothing to do with the periods.
336792	70 years male, stomach cancer metastasized to liver&bone, on (xeloda+eloxatin+zometa), can or should he take antioxidants during chemo?	May help, not hurt Generally antioxidant supplements when used in recommended dosage along with healthy diet/exercises should not do you harm. In your case of multiple chemo agents being used for cancer, antioxidants may help reduce some oxidative stresses that your body is undergoing at this time. However, i would recommend that you let your physicians know about what you taking so they can monitor. Good luck.
6659374	20 yrs old. Bad pain in kidneys, very frequent urination, pain in kidneys when urinating, blood in urine, going on for 3+ months. No infection.  ?	Urologist You definitely should see a urologist for evaluation and treatment.
1236346	Pancreatic cancer?I had a pancreatic protocol ct/hida/liver, pancreas, CBC blood test/stool test/colonoscopy.All perfect.I still have light/yellow stool	Stop worrying You have nothing to worry about except that fact that you are still a smoker, which i hope you'll stop. If everybody with light-colored stools consumed health-care dollars searching for pancreatic cancer, it'd be a huge waste. Evidently you're not even jaundiced. Please stop reading internet scare stuff, look for another cause of your abdominal pain ; stop reading internet scare stuff.
6777105	I get dizzy every day since I gave birth 4 months ago. I had a CT scan, MRI, EEG, blood work done with normal results. What could it be?	Suggestions Your testing appears to rule out central causes of dizziness in brain, and systemic causes due to anemias, or bodily disorders, BUT does NOT exclude inner ear pathology, which should be evaluated. See an otolaryngologist and get appropriate testing, as inner ear pathology can be treated with vestibular rehabilitation by a skilled physical therapist.
6749578	I have gas in my stomach, bloating and severe waist pain every morning?	WannaSleepAloneForev That happens to me too, if I eat the wrong things the day or night before and then. ...I sleep alone. So diet is the first question. Could be dairy, legumes, cruciferous veggies, gluten, or even other less common foods. You could develop a sensitivity at any time. So first try to eliminate something and see what happens. If you can't figure it out that way and it's still bothering you, see a doc.
6627257	I have red non itchy bumps that cover my stomach, chest and go up the back of my neck and arms. some are pimple like but have clear liquid in them.	See Your Doctor You have given some details about your rash however more info is needed such as duration, your medical history (recent/past) and more. Additionally, diagnosis of a rash is challenging without visual inspection. The causes for rash are quite numerous: infection, allergy, disease-related, and more. Suggest you see your doctor now for proper diagnosis and treatment.
1414967	What do you suggest if my sgot is 251 and sgpt is 358, tests done yesterday.can somebody tell what is actually the situation.?	Very serious You may be taking a medicine to which your liver is allergic. If you're drinking much alcohol, this may be your only warning. I trust you're not acutely sick. You'll be screened for hemochromatosis, hepatitis B / C, Wilson's, antitrypsin deficiency, and autoimmune hepatitis. Each of these is lethal if missed, but fairly easy to manage if detected. You may simply need a healthier diet and fitness.
6696062	Hello doctor,
my periods got delayed this month by 18 days and counting. my last sexual intercourse was on 6th of this month.. and i got tested for HCG today.. report says my hcg level is <1.2
i am really tensed..because i dont think its natural for perio	Pregnancy unlikely If 18 days after a missed period, your HCG is less than 5, you are unlikely to be pregnant. Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time. You may consider implanted contraceptive or an IUD. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx Practice safe sex. Get HPV vaccine.
1199030	I have movements in my lower abdomen and cramps my period lasted only 4 days it always lasts 7 days unprotected sex could i be pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1582619	I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks.  my biggest triggers are heart palpitations.I have had a stress test, ekg, and two echocardiograms?	Palpitation treat Treatments include not using caffeine, alcohol , street drugs, smoking and other stimulant substances. Try to learn meditation and other calming techniques, cut out herbal substances, cough and cold medicines, nutritional supplements, see your doctor to be sure no direct heart problem and for treatment if the basics above don't help, your anxiety may be overdriving everything may see psych help.
1376754	My hubby has a blister like bump on back of neck. Thought it was a pimple but no head has formed. When broke open only clear liquid comes out. ???	Blister check time! Blisters on various parts of body can be from many different causes, namely bacteria and viruses etc. The saying, a picture is better than a thousand words, applies more to such dermatological conditions. If it didn't form a head, it may be a cyst or a wart, which can be contagious and spread, for which it should be checked.
1376755	Lumps on back of ears, they feel hard like bone ,iused to get bad headaches too in bottom of head by neck, but not really anymore. what could it be?	Exam Your question cannot be answered without an actual examination or photos. Call and get checked.
149244	My 2.5 year old snores loudly and breathes thru mouth when sleeping? Is this normal or reason for concern?	Reason for concern It is not normal for a 2 year old to snore loudly. It is a sign of a resticted airway. Please talk to your pediatrician, who may recomment an ENT to evaluate the airway, tonsils, etc. Proper airflow is important for growth and development.
6743687	Hello doc. I am feeling my heart bit more than before. I checked my blood pressure and its 110/55.I dont know what to do.I badly need your soloution.	Pounding heart could be due to drugs, emotions, or other factors, your blood pressure would still be within normal range, need to know how fast is your heart, better get a screening ECG and see your doctor for reassurance, take care
1125077	I was wondering what are the main differences between vascular dementia and alzheimer's disease?	Briefly, Ad progresses slowly, but it does progress. Vd occurs suddenly and stabilizes. With additional incidents, it again abruptly worsens, then stabilizes. Depending on the site of the damage, motor function will or will not be involved. Ad may take a long time to effect motor ability. It's a bit like "disease vs injury". Below is a link since 400 chars is too little. Hope it helps.
6611213	Outside vagina on one side itches,looks like white dry skin,burns when scratch.one verey small spot keeps scabbing over.what could this be?	Sounds like Eczema.
366195	Is breast ultrasound as effective as a mammogram?	U/S of breast is used for young women with dense breasts that are to dense for a mammogram to be effective or adjunct to a mammogram to determine if a mass is cystic or not.
1423088	I have these itchy red bumps behind my knees and elbows. What should I do to get rid of them?	See doctor and get a diagnosis and then it can be treated.
6777550	I've had stomach pain, bloating and gas for 3 days now. Pain comes in waves, starts at navel and irradiates downwards. Very painful. What can it be?	SoundsLikeAVacation Three days is long enough to wonder why. Would be hard to pin-down exactly the cause, but the symptoms are enough to justify a visit to your friendly local Urgent Care for an exam and possibly a test or two. I'd assume you've been in no mood to eat or drink but keep in mind that fluid loss makes everything feel worse, so at least try frequent small sips of water or diluted Gatorade.
295898	My son is three yrs old what could be wrong with him when his penis hurts and pain when he pees and has no infections but has to much protein in his urine?	Kidney problem He needs to see his pediatrician to run some tests. May have to refer him to a nephrologist if results are abnormal.
249152	I had a wasp sting yesterday in my toe and during the last two hours it has swollen double size but does not hurt. What should I do?	Antihistamine Like benadryl, ice to the area and elevation. If no improvement and condition worsens head to your local emergency room.
1553100	Sore throat with big tonsil stone and small white spots on the tonsils.No fever or cold or flu symptoms. Is this an infection? Can this be an oral std	Chrin tonsillitis Depends on the time course of events. Is this recent or long term problem? It sounds like a chronic low grade problem with tonsil stones and bacterial overgrowth in the tonsils. It doesn't sound like an STD.
6793653	Every time I sneeze I get a nasty and foul taste and smelling sensation. It has been persisting for a month now with no improvement. Lots of drainage?	Sinus infection? Foul smelling and tasting mucus can be due to a sinus infection. Get checked, an antibiotic may help. If not, ask the doc the cause for the odor.
493344	Dull ache under rib cage, and pain in right shoulder, also pain in middle under breast bone! please help. Feel so ill?	Pain Several things to consider. Thorough workup by your family doctor can clarify diagnosis.
1372503	What does atypical chest pain? Not heart related because they did an ekg, blood test, echo, xrays, CT scans.  I fell and started having pains.	Atypical chest pain Atypical chest pain is chest pain not related to a cardiac disorder. It could be caused by a variety of disorders,such as gastric or eso phageal,pulmonary(pleuritic),or musculoske letal(caused by rib cage ,muscles or articulations)specially since you starte having them after a fall. Suggest you consult your primary physician for more precise diagnosis and treatment
1511484	3 wks missed period, have brown spotting this morning, cramps & sore breasts for wks. Pregnancy or just really late due to stress?	Either Pregnancy is one of the most common causes of a missed period. It can also give you breast tenderness and spotting. Stress certainly can keep you from ovulating and that will make you miss periods and spot as well. Its best to do a home pregnancy test to be sure. You can get one without prescription at a pharmacy. Best wishes!
6732921	Got treated for chlamydia four days ago and today I'm having itching and discharge and I don't know why.	STDs STDs can be caused by a number organisms and chlamydia is one of them. Often, there are multiple infections and treating one infection may not be adequate. The patient needs evaluation for all possible infections and should be treated accordingly
536650	I have a few tiny red bumps that resemble small blood blisters on the inside of my labia. They've been there for around 3 yrs. What could it be?	Several things This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
6775959	Will sperm travel through water if i came on my girlfriend's chest down to the vagina and get her pregnant?	Not most likely it will not That is a very long journey to travel from the chest all the way to the upper abdomen, then to the lower abdomen, then to the vagina and travel inside the vagina to reach the cervix and enter the uterus to meet the egg from the ovary. Kind of hard to do even if they have GPS
6752630	Son fell yesterday grazed elbow there is no swelling or bruising he isn't complaining of pain but is holding arm against body and won't use it..xray??	He should be examined and possibly have an X-ray. He may just have a bruise, but it is possible he has a dislocated (actually subluxated) elbow, also known as Nursemaid's elbow, which does need medical attention. It also is possible that there is a fracture, which would be diagnosed by an X-ray.
1217144	Not sexually active: 3 red bumps either side of labia minora in a week. 2 went down in a few days, now another! no abscess, just red, slightly painful?	Herpes simplex This may be recurrent genital herpes, but without an exam there is no way to diagnose this over the internet. Show these to a doctor and they can then be accurately assessed. Best wishes.
1156111	I am having pain in both breast.  I had a mammogram and it was normal.  My doctor suggested vitamin e.  What is this vitamin E not working?	Unclear ?? Did you say you have taken vitamin-e or not yet? If it has been tried and did not help, ask your gynecologist to give you a short course of hormones which can often relive this type of pain in the best which is quite common(called mastalgia). Alternatively, try taking tylenol, 2 tabs twice daily during the week before your menses are due, as that is the time mastalgia is at its worst..
6742590	I am 8 weeks pregnant and my igg antitoxoplasma level is 6 ui/ml (doubt range). And my anti rubella igg is 13 ui/ml (doubt) virus antibody ribella igm is 0.17 (negative). Do i have health risk for my baby? Is there posdibility of birth defect or misscarri	You are immune That is good
400152	Is my girlfriend really pregnant? Ok, so I am a male, me and my girlfriend are sexually active and i was wondering about something. I am currently taking hCG injections, I have been ejaculating inside of her without protection. And we took a at home preg.	Hello. Hello. This is interesting. If there is a question about HCG from semen that is in her vagina, contaminating a urine home pregnancy test, then she could have a serum pregnancy test ordered by her physician. I don't know if that could create a problem in reality, but if so, a serum pregnancy shouldn't be effected by it. Very interesting question.
400155	Is sucking on a pacifier any better for a baby's dental health than sucking on a thumb? Our daughter sucks her thumb all of the time, and we've heard about the damage it can do to a child's teeth. Since pacifiers are softer, we were hoping we could someho	Pacifier Thumb is more portable, with you all the time, and pushes back against teeth/jaws. Pacifier is passive, doesn't do as much damage, easier to get rid of no later than age 4. Ask a pediatric dental specialist for help (1st dental ck-up age 1).
6778769	I have severe osteoarthritis in both knees and I need to know if there are any good alternatives to total knee replacement surgery.	Injections Joint injections for pain as well as medication known as Synvisc can be of benefit. Set up a virtual consult and this can be discussed further.
6678218	Had one day period, reg bleeding, day after sore breasts and bloating for a week now. No more bleeding.  Can I be preg? Too preg test yest. And neg.	Repeat test in 1 wk Pregnancy less likely but you should recheck pregnancy test in 1 week. Read the directions carefully and do the test on your first voided specimen in the morning.
81716	I have had a dry red itchy rash on my neck for 2 months. sometimes it gets irritated and gets what looks like hives on it...White bumps. ?	What touches? Are you wearing a necklace or something else around your neck? What is in contact with the area that gets irritated. Do you have a rash anywhere else on your body?
1399691	How can you tell if Have a sinus infection. Do you have greenish mucus and sore throat? Could be reg cold? No fever cough sneeze slight chest pain	Suspicious Your symptoms are very suspicious. An x-ray of your sinuses would be confirmatory. People with sinus infectioun also often have a feeling of pressure in their face or head and may have a headache. Fever isn't necessary.
558136	My 3 year old  daughter woke up with. Red spots all over her bum , and  to red patches on each side of her bum cheeks any clue what this is?	See a doctor Anything from insect bites, contact dermatitis, infection, allergic reaction. Take her to pediatrician and get this looked at.
6772459	What can cause itchy breast/nipples? I have no skin rash, no nipple discharge and I am not pregnant. No pain or color change  in breast.its been 1week	Dermatitis Sounds like allergic contact dermatitis. Have you changed your body soap or lotion or the fabric of your bra recently? Try using OTC hydrocortisone 1% twice a day. Also remove the irritant. If no improvement in two weeks, see ur MD
6708822	I been having sore breast,right lower cramps in my abdomin,and some lower back pains on my left side.. could this be signs if early pregnancy.. My period is not due until the 24 of May. And I have been sexual active within the past two weeks?	Maybe. Maybe not. It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
514953	When i eat diary produtcs and patato i get itchy scalp and thin hair but when don't eat symptoms get disappear prick test of food allergy is negative?	Great Detective work The hardest part in diagnosing adverse reactions to foods is to tie in the right food with the symptoms. You have already found the offending foods. It doesn't matter that the skin test is negative. It appears that your symptoms are too mild to elicit a positive prick skin test or the antigen may have been changed when the testing material was prepared. Continue to avoid potato and dairy.
506399	So i'm now 63 days late with minor cramps, back pain, headache, breast leaking a bit of milk, milky white discharge and got a negative pregnancy test?	Repeat Repeat the test and see gynecologist. Blood test can be done to confirm.
197417	How long is the recovery time for an arthroscopic surgery on your knee?	Recovery time varies Recover time will vary depending on many factors including age, general health of the patient, infection control, smoker or not, blood sugar control, the exact type of procedure, and post-operative and follow up care. Discuss it with your surgeon and get their opinion as to what they feel is a reasonable recovery time for you.
1409490	How long do Plan B symptoms last? Taken on June 30, period was July 7, but cramping with lower back pain nausea and diarrhea. Is this normal?	Infection Those are not in any way symptoms of plan B. They are symptoms that you have a UTI ray tract infection.
513275	I had my first period after Depo-Provera last month (normal period) but this month i ma having burning cramps (no blood) very tender breast but took hpt neg?	Normal Depoprovera is highly effective for birth control. It's common to cause a change or a stopping of periods. I would expect things to improve over the next few weeks. Get a gyn check up if pain persists.
6675425	I had a root canal 3 days ago on tooth 20. No pain before the procedure. Had moderate pain since. Pain better today, but my face is visibly swollen. Taking amoxicillin 875 2 times daily as well as ibuprofen. Endodontist and regular dentist office closed f	Usually OK If you are on amoxicillin , infection is unlikely. However root canal is a traumatic procedure and may cause pain and swelling for a few days. You are doing the right thing. But if you can't get a pain medication, try placing an ice pack at the area for up 20 minutes at a time. Your PCP may also be able to Rx a pain med for you if it is intolerable. Call dentist if problem worsens or persists.
1577454	I had anorexia and had no period for 3 years. I am now a healthy weight and get cramps near ovaries on both sides. Is this normal or is it a cyst?	No way to know w/out imaging your ovaries, which I would request from your treating physician. If you're getting cramps mid-cycle, welcome to the world of ovulatory Mittelshmerz - a somewhat painful feeling you get in your groin when your ovaries eject an egg into the fimbria. If you are getting the cramps during your period, that's your uterus contracting to squash out the built-up bloody endometrium every month.
1572647	Can pressed help someone that has small amount of cervical mucous to get pregnant. Cervix is soft with regular period cycle am I ovulating?	Regular periods Regular periods are the most important sign of ovulation. If you have not conceived after 1 year of unprotected intercourse, it is time to begin a work up. If your cervical mucus is the problem intrauterine insemination ( aka IUI) is the simple answer. Just put your partner's sperm directly into the uterus and bypass the cervix. Hope this helps.
1377800	I have a warm & irritated uretha and clitoris lately I have to urine a lot . I think I have a UTI or a yeast infection . Can you cure your own UTI ?	Not likely Urinary tract infections generally require a brief course of antibiotics. They are generally easy to diagnose and treatment is well tolerated.
600816	I had sudden loss of hearing in one ear and high pitch ringing that started 6 weeks ago.  Ent injected prednisone in middle ear.  Still no improvement?	No oral steroids Standard of care is still course of oral prednisone. Ear injection can be adjunct. While no guarantee to improve, studies suggest some benefit. Discuss with your primary whether Prednisone 60 mg for a week with taper is safe for you.
1514707	Allergy w swollen lips & eyes 2 days ago. Source unsure. Took Benadryl & a steroid shot. today had rash on arms and torso. What's wrong?	Urticaria/angioedema could be the case, kind of common, mostly no cause can be sorted out, acute types usually follow a viral infection, chronic types mostly have no known cause, could be due to drugs, please keep taking your meds regulary, go to ER if you develop hoarseness / difficulty in breathing, and see an allergist soon, goodluck
320545	Im 50 yrs old female and had my cbc. Results were:   hemoglobin - 10.5, rbc-3.61, hematocrit-0.33, wbc-6.7, is there anything to worry? Tnx	Incomplete info Your hemoglobin is low, i. e., you are anemic. Anemia needs to be worked up to determine the cause, as it can range from excessive menstrual loss, nutritional deficiency, gastrointestinal bleeding including that due to cancer etc. See this site for more info and it would be prudent to follow your doctor's instructions. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/pmh0001586/.
810206	I have a red itchy rash that looks like mosquito bites. Some of it has clustered on my arm. It is located on my wrists, arms, and stomach. ?	Rash Rashes are among the most difficult to diagnose without a physicial exam however; some raches have characteristic distribution patterns. Chigger bites can occur in the distribution you describe however, multiple other causes are possible. Accurate diagnosis will require a history and physical exam by an experienced physician, start with a primary care provider, then dermatology.
222748	I've been at hospital all day bc got stung by a wasp an i'm allergic. They gave me steroids, but now my  right hip is hurtin an got stung lr stomach?	Arthralgia Arthralgia (joint pain) can occur during times of significant immune system activation . Inflammatory arthritis can sometimes result too
6700466	Akash(22,M).Problem of upper abdomen pain n loose stools from 6 months.Lead level in blood is 43.11.Is it the reason?Please give some tips to cure it?	Lead Level High blood lead levels can cause abdominal pain, but usually associated with constipation rather than loose stools. Check with your PCP as to other causes of abdominal pain since 6 months is too long to go with these symptoms without getting them checked out.
1321576	How long should brown vaginal discharge last if there is no smell, itching of burning?	Normal cycle I would advise a warm water douche and figure that this is old mentrual blood. If it persists beyond 1 week, see your GYN.
57436	24 years old and having chest pains, heart palps and left arm hurts. Blood pressure is always fine though. What causes this?	Evaluate further Multiple possibilites exist. This should be evaluated by a physician to make sure the blood pressure is accurate, the physical exam is normal, and ECG is normal . Other investigations may include holter monitoring and echocardiography. Possibilites include a benign musculoskeletal condition, thoracic outlet syndrome, aberrant coronary artery, mitral valve prolapse, pericarditis, etc.
6772239	New 2" bruise behind knee 9 weeks post-op surgery for femur fracture. Was extra sore 2 days ago, but no big pains. WBAT but taking it slow. Thoughts?	Need more info You need to consult with the orthopedic surgeon who did your surgery. I'm very sure he/she would be very interested in your complaint.
1598714	Hv cold, right sided sore throat, ear ache.Now moving to my chest. had a bad coughing spell & Now it feels like something is stuck in chest/throat.	Symptoms May suggest upper respiratory viral syndrome that may respond to warm fluids, expectorate, antipyretic/analgesic and physician follow up
1463760	Went to ENT for vestibular issue, dr cleaned wax to do exam. No pain before, lots of pain now in one ear along w headache, nausea, dizziness
Normal?	Ear pain You may have had a superficial abrasion of the external ear canal which can cause sharp pain You were also being evaluated for dizziness and vestibular testing including calorics, ENG, Rotary Chair, ENoG, Posturography and fistula test are designed to provoke your vertigo and can certainly cause the symptoms you describe.
536903	Breeze/heart beat sound in ear then ringing then no hearing in right ear occasionally hurts very annoying?	Otitis medi You're describing fairly typical symptoms of otitis media which can be non-infected (serous otitis media) or infected (purulent otitis media). If you have a fever, see a doctor immediately. If you don't, see one soon. An ENT is ideal but your family doctor can be a big help.
6653450	My 19 y/o daughter has mono & tonsils are very sore, swollen & infected. She's on steroids and antibiotics but her throat isn't getting better.	Will take time mono may take several weeks to clear, and medications would not be that helpful
1128969	24m dull tingle/ache lt arm. Sharp pain left center chest. Month worth of heavy panic attacks. Could I have angina?  Stopped smoking 2 months ago.	It is not angina Your chest discomfort is related to your anxiety/panic attacks. You should see your physician.
285800	My daughter is Rh neg, first pregnancy resulted in miscarriage. No rhogam given after. Now 13 weeks pregnant and antibodies discovered.  Very worried.?	Needs monitoring The presence of antibodies may or may not impact the current pregnancy. As long as the OB is aware of them & monitors their levels, a plan for appropriate care can be made.This is not as common as it was before Rhogam but still show up with some frequency.Sounds like time for a conversation with the ob.
1224531	What vitamins or supplements should a pregnant take during the 1st 2 months of pregnancy if any?Is folic acid recommended and zinc +ace?Advice me please	Prenatal MVI Buy prenatal multivitamin and take it as recommended in the bottle. Some vitamins and mineral are very important especially Folic Acid and iron for the fetal's brain and growth development.
599634	I've been having a painless weak urine stream and painless lower abdominal bloat/ pressure for years. What could be causing this in 36 year old male?	Weak stream You need a comprehensive urology evaluation; this are unusual symptoms in a 36 yo male.
524132	Had flu symptoms for five days now have itchy rash on the tops of thighs?	Infection related It is not uncommon to develop hive-like rashes in association with viral illness and even strep infections. As the infection resolves or is treated, so will the rash. These rashes are more common in children. The location being the tops of the thighs in curious. Take a photo to show your doctor. Follow the progression and if not better, see dermatologist.
1449370	I am 3 days late bad cramping no period cervix is high and soft  with mucus. 2 negative pregnancy test. But I am never late Idk what's going on?	Retest in 4-5 days Conception, as defined by the generation of a fertilized ovum, occurs within day or so of the sex. However, it takes about two weeks for the embryo to make enough HCG to produce a positive pregnancy test. Use first morning urine and follow instructions for the test carefully. If the test is negative at 7-10 days after a missed period, you are not likely to be pregnant.
6778375	Hi, ive been coughing a lot the past few days and I have a lot of mucus buildup in nose and throat when I wake up. I even sneezed some blood out.	Coughing If you can get in to your primary doctor soon please do so. If there is a long delay I suggest you go to the nearest Emergency facility where they will look after you.
1488335	How can a doctor tell the difference between anxiety palpitations and heart problems on a 48hour heart monitor? What's the difference?	See below The idea of the monitor is to see exactly what your heart is doing while you have symptoms. It's important to write down when exactly you felt something, to correlate with the measurements. Often we will see that it is a benign "skipped beat" or PVC. We also check for dangerous heart rhythm abnormalities that can feel like anxiety.
501513	Age32yrs, wt.88kg, ht.180 cms.Occasional heaviness while breathing, mild pain near left collar bone, chest heaviness, priking pain in left shoulder blades?	BMI 27 http://www.whathealth. com/bmi/chart-metric.html. - need to bring weight below 25 bmi. Left sided pain could be demand ischemia your heart might be stressed. The piercing pain usually is ros reactive oxygen species helps by doing oil change in body for heart pain two oils that works - clove oil and garlic oil. Take orally beta blocker (by prescription) and shiitake mushroom supplement 1000mg.
289118	What tests can diagnose small fiber neuropathy  and is it common to have facial numbness first then the extremities?	Biopsy The best way is a biopsy in the lower leg. This is relatively painless and only requires some local anesthesia in the skin. Most small fiber neuropathies begin in the extremities. Facial numbness is more concerning for a possible central nervous system issue. I would recommend seeing a neurologist.
1396523	Knee swollen after long time working on them, then side of knee bruised on thigh, then foot swelled and looks bruised, what happened?left leg	Overuse syndrome You may have developed some inflammation and swelling form arthritis and an overuse syndrome from the work you did with pressure on your knees. The increased swelling can cause a pressure against your venous outflow and subsequent swelling in your lower leg too. I no resolution, get eval form Dr. to be assessed for definitive diagnosis. Good luck.
1481813	Big dog hit shin bone about 5 inches below knee.  bruised she knocked me down landed on knee, knocked off shoe pain is severe in knee when i bend it.	Apply ice See orthopedist if ice doesn't resolve your issue as you may of sustained an injury of some sort. Yu can take an NSAID like Motrin if no contraindication.
6668189	Whats the meaning of Herpes Type 1 IgG- Serum Positive, Herpes Type 2 IgG - Serum   Negative and Herpes  1+2 IgM Ab Serum Negative? Thats my results	HSV1, no HSV2 The results mean you are carrying herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV1), usually from oral infection in childhood, so you probably have had it for years. But if you have had symptoms that suggest genital herpes, it could be a genital infection. You do not have HSV2, the usual cause of genital herpes. I takes up to 12 weeks for positive results, so these results do not exclude recent infection.
1274526	I have had a sore throat for 2 months. I've taken amoxicillin and cephalexin and neither have helped. My doc said there's no sign of infection anymore?	Sore throat There are various reasons besides an infection that can cause a sore throat. Two of the most common are post nasal drip which might be associated with nasal congestion and cough. Acid reflux from your stomach which can cause heartburn but also can make your throat hurt. If you have been checked and told there is no infection it would be good to be evaluated for those mentioned.
1347284	Ears pop and make a clicking sound when swallowing. Slight dizziness and visual disturbances?	Not all related The popping of the ears can be easily explained by Eustachian tube opening when you swallow. This is absolutely normal and you are just aware of a normal physiological activity. The slight dizziness is too non-specific to comment on. Both of these symptoms are probably not related to the visual disturbance. But certainly consult an eye physician for the latter problem.
1402511	My father's leg became very red hot and swollen from the knee down and was hurting, Dr. Said he had been bitten by something, what could cause this?	Cellulitis If leg is red warm and swollen, this could be sign of bacterial infection called Cellulitis. Rarely, this can be serious (flesh eating bacteria). Antibiotic is warranted if cellulitis. Need to consider Deep Vein Thrombosis especially if leg edema and calf tenderness
1184128	Very sick in spring , all symptoms of mono. Ea-d IgG < 0.2 ; ebna IgG < 0.2 ; VCA IgG < 0.2 ; VCA igm=1.1 six months later repeated test 2x; results VCA igm= .4 but ebna still .2 . No signs of mono ?	Typically Your immune system smart enough to remember how to fight mono. Your infection likely other viruses.
1087640	Can someone explain to me how come aspirin is good for the heart but other nsaids are not recommended post-myocardial infarction?	Aspirin is... Mainly helpful because it decreases platelets from sticking together and forming clots in the coronary arteries. The clots are formed when atherosclerosis plaques rupture. Preventing clots helps decrease fatal heart attacks. Nsaids have varied risk based on dose, length of use and selective vs. Non-selective nsaids. Even Aspirin has risk, but heart failure and heart attack > with newer nsaids.
787833	My feet and ankles started to swell yesterday, I do have high blood pressure, high cholesterol. Hypothyroidism?	2 of 3 Can cause swelling, high blood pressure and some of its medications can cause swelling. Hypothyroid can also be a cause. The consequences of cholesterol can cause blockage of vessels and also cause swelling from poor circulation.
664973	50y 85k.  Ht.5'6" s chol 197 hdl. 42 LDL 109 vldl 19 tryglyceride 96.   Is I am heart patient? My BP 150/90.	Blood pressure Your blood pressure is elevated and your lipids could be better. If you don't correct them and take care, being a heart patient may be in your future.
1390259	Is a blood pressure 141/86 with a pulse of 76 bad? I'm diabetic and feeling palpitations also. How can I differentiate heart vs. anxiety?	Ok Pulse ok but pressure bit high. See your doc.
1029540	Can i take acetaminophen and ibuprofen at the same time after running a marathon to combat pains? And how much of each is safe to take at the same tim	They are ok to take You can take 600 mg ibuprophen. And 2 tylenol every 6 hours for pain, unless you have a medical condition that prohibits these. Work with your trainer.
203217	If I got one hepatitis a vaccination 3 years ago, what is my current level of immunity?	Incomplete To get lifelong immunity from vaccination, you are supposed to have a second vaccine within 6 - 12 months from the first. There is research to support that if you get your 2nd dose within 5 1/2 years (and maybe longer) you should not need any further vaccines however. See http://www.Nlm.Nih.Gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003684.Htm.
1344747	Last night, stomach was cramping and had one bout of diarrhea. Took Imodium and, while stomach a little bubbly, feel ok. Stomach flu? Contagious?	Gastroenteritis Acute GI illness most commonly either viral infection or food poisoning with a preformed toxin. Both are most commonly self-limited and if you have no further symptoms you should be fine. If it is viral it can be very communicable (usually norovirus).
6629835	Have moderate bacteria in urine test but rest is all (_ve) e.g the RBC,leukocyte,protein or nitrate.Need for urine culture & antibiotic? 6months preg.	Probably not Typical care for pregnancy includes a urine culture in early pregnancy. If that was negative and you have no symptoms, I wouldnt' treat at this point. Your obgyn can be more specifically helpful at your next visit.
1020398	Can an infected tooth give you a sore throat or make you dizzy?	Perhaps You should check with your dentist and physican regarding your symptoms and their cause.
1356847	Nausea, sore boobs, tired, cramping, bloated, spotted once a week ago, and period is a few days late. Negative pregnancy test. Had sex. Am I pregnant?	Need to re do test If you are 4-5 days past due for your period, you may wish to re do the pregnancy test. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully.
883166	My brother and i both have the thalassemia trait but we are both very healthy. We both had CBC and cmp tests. We have high RBC and rdw, low mch, low mchv, and low wbc. Is the low wbc/neutrophil a problem?	How low The rbc indices are all expected with thal trait. What is the total WBC and % neuts? Most likely a non issue, but need the actual numbers.
83383	I have pain on left side and burning in upper abdominal. Can't eat or drink without feeling bloated & increasing pain. Any ideas?	Consider pancreas... A problem with your pancreas could be the cause. See a doctor to evaluate it
620508	I have a 1cm kidney stone and am scheduled for eswl surgery should I also have a stent? The dr is leaving the decision up to me.	Probably not. Prophylactic placement of a ureteral stent prior to eswl is somewhat controversial depending on the situation. Stents themselves may cause significant pain and other problems. If there is no obstruction, infection or other complicating factor, then placement of a stent before eswl is usually not necessary for stones less than 2 cm. Also, a stent can always be placed after the eswl if needed.
697527	I have a scalp infection of some kind. Itchy, red bumps, bald patches, sometimes bleed, puss. Staph? Folliculitus? Ringworm? What is it?!	Multiple answers You really need to see a doctor to find out what is going on and get proper treatment, i would suggest seeing a dermatologist.
278718	Diagnosed infected node under ear lobe on neck.. Been takng bactrim 4 2 days..Swelling still spreadin face&dwn neck.How long 4 meds to wrk? Or concern?	Probably concern The rule of thumb for any antibiotic to work is 72 hours. In your case it's been less than that, however, the fact the disease is getting worse is a red flag. Bactrim may not be a right choice for a swollen lymph node. It is a good choice for a skin infection, but yours appears to be related to the lymph node. I'd call the prescribing physician and report your symptoms.
620502	6 yr old cough, headache, sore throat, neck pain, no fever, pale skin, whites of eye cloudy, wont eat or drink anything?	Sore throat Have you talked to your pediatrician?
6634189	Getting red rashes that look like he fell on cement and are itchy. Been growing all over arms, back, back neck, shuns, elbows. What is it? Contagious?	Scabies vs allergic if no animals unlikley scabies [very itchy rash , like railroad tracks inbetween fingers, armpits , groin ect] but if in a hotel can get it if infected there or bed bugs. if so couldbe contagious but sometimes spouse doesn't get it while other does .wash all affected clothes house.animals, try bendaryl , hydrocortisone oint.otc but if doesn't go away see dr for eval. if scabies need 5% permethrin
382949	Is it a yeast infection? I had sex with my boyfriend this weekend and on sunday and today my vagina has been very itchy and had some yellow discharge, but did not have a noticable smell.	If If this is the first time you are having these symptoms then an exam by your doctor is in order. If you are dealing with yeast, then for the future you will be sure of the signs and symptoms if they return, and you can self treat with an over the counter vaginal yeast infection cream. If not yeast, your doctor may want to test for a vaginal bacterial infection or even an std (sexually transmitted disease). . If your symptoms have resolved then maybe you were merely having irritation from a lubricant or possible a condom if one was used. Regardless, if your symptoms are still present then you need an evaluation. Good luck.
1200781	I have a kidney stone and the urologist said its 4x10 mm long-ways in the ureter. She has scheduled surgery, but is it possible for it to pass?	Highly unlikely,, It may pass, but it's highly unlikely given it's size and shape. Eswl or extracorporial shock wave lithotripsy may be done to smash the stone but it can result in bleeding and internal trauma. So surgery might be the best option here. Best of luck.
68861	Is it likely to bleed to death from uterine fibroids?	Bleed Fibroid can bleed. Anything is possible. If having severe vaginal bleeding go to hospital. Call ambulance.
68866	Hello, i'm a 18 year old girl and not active constantly. Lately my legs and feet have been very sore for the past couple days. What could this be?	Characterize aching You question suggests you may be deconditioned - ie out of shape. If you have been active recently this may be muscle aching to out of shape muscles. Alternatively there can be a variety of reasons from the soft tissues - muscles, tendons to joints. We need to know what affects the aching, what releives the aching and what the physicial findings are. Are there other health problems?
6681074	Do Lyrica, Cymbalta, and Gabapentin cause weight gain or is it just the tiredness and side effects that make you less active and you end up gaining?	Yes, two of them. Pregabalin (Lyrica) and gabapentin commonly -- but not always -- cause weight gain in addition to tiredness and lack of exercise. Duloxetine (Cymbalta) uncomonlhy causes weight gain.
494194	What could cause a female, 60 years, to have moderate, sharp lower pelvic pain?  Urine is clear, no blood, protein, sugar in it, pH 6.5.	Urine test OK Your urine test is ok. Please check with your doctor.
6684558	Wife on antibiotics for sinus infection, 3 days. Swollen/painful parotid gland, some ear pain. Could this be related to the sinus infection?	No, but No, but sinus infections are often misdiagnosed. The only way to tell for sure if it's a sinus infection is with an xray. Did she have one? Best solution is to make sure she has seen an ENT doc for diagnosis/treatment.
930127	Symptoms of 5 yrs, crippling abdominal pain, bloating, bouts of diarreah, constipation, CT scan showed ileitis/enteritis. Barrett's. Any ideas?	Abd pain/Abn CT Not sure if i completely understood your questions. If you have chronic abdominal pain with alternation in bowel movement, and given the abnormal ct, you should have a colonoscopy to assure you do not have crohn's disease.
360345	Can lymph nodes in your groin be swollen for 6 months  and painless for any other reason than something serious?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells/digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph everywhere for bad stuff like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
1043292	My colon feels sore and is painful when I have a bowel movement but my stool has no blood and mostly good color. I do get constipated .	Could be mild IBS Drink enough water (8 8oz glasses) and consider an evaluation by your doctor. Mild ibs is possible ; often is treated w/out drugs - just lifestyle or diet changes. Best!
1043523	I've had nausea for 2 weeks every day, some pinching/stabbing pain on my sides, i've been exhausted and dizzy. Period was brown and light. Neg hpt?	Nausea work up Since your pregnancy test is negative you should probably see a gastroenterologist for a chronic nausea work up.
368360	How long does it take before amoxicillin can effectively treat dental abscess?	May not work Amoxicillin may not work. You might need anti-anaerobic coverage with Augmentin or clindamycin. Antibiotics will sometimes relieve and stabilize the infection after 3-5 days of treatment but dental abscesses usually require drilling to release the abscess and then root canal or dental extraction.
1545465	I have ovarian cysts, I am not pregnant at all.my lower abdomen is super hard,could my cyst cause this..plus I'm on birth control implanon?	Yes It could be from the ovarian cysts or even from constipation or some other issue. Be sure to follow up with your physician, especially if there is tenderness.
171450	Painful swollen lymph node (left side) groin 2 painful bumps,  lumps,  on vagina lip (left) and the entire left lip is swollen.?	See an OB/GYN Can't diagnose this without a history, exam, and possible testing. You should be seen by a gynecologist or family doctor and evaluated.
1524839	I have painful swollen lymph nodes in the back of my neck and a clicking in my throat when I swallow. Could they be related and what could cause this?	Nodes probably not related but you should see an ENT to check it out
69918	Does chest pain under the left breast always mean heart attack?	Not always No not always. But heart problems should be considered and ruled out.
298569	I have pain in left leg at hip when i try to lift it and it shoots done the front to the knee.Had for 1yr. I am now getting some dull pain in my groin?	Possible hip It may be an arthritic hip based on the distribution of your pain. Does it hurt to get a shoe or sock on that side? Do you limp after walking awhile on that side? Do you get relief with over the counter medication? If yes, it is most likely arthritis in that hip. You should see an orthopedic surgeon for an opinion.
1036994	Cause of amber/reddish-orange mucus rectal discharge for several months? It's on stools, sometimes comes out on its own. Gi workup = stomach erosions, prominent lymph aggregates in colon, dx'd w/ibs.	More w/up Sx consistent with colitis or crohns disease. Also possible colon parasite. Should be working with gastroenterologist at this point.
1516756	Sick for over week started get better but now have bad headache, cough and eyes have been real red today left eye and cheek swollen fatigue what is it?	Secondary bacterial infection. It sounds like you were recovering from a viral illness when you developed a secondary bacterial infection needing treatment. Swelling in your left eye and cheek suggests a serious infection that requires immediate medical attention. Please see a doctor tonight.
6780002	I have a rash under my arms and on the inner biceps, on my inner thigh area on my back and behind my knees in the bend. Very itchy what is this please?	Rash Sounds like contact with an allergen or eczema. See your doctor or send us a picture. If you are not allergic to Benadryl take it every 6-8 hours for symptoms.
1259730	Can arrhythmia or tachycardia caused by a panic/anxiety attack lead to cardiac arrest or cardiac event if so what age gender and race is more at risk?	Not usually. Typically stress/anxiety causes the heart to race by activating the "adrenaline" part of the nervous system. Only in rare conditions like long qt syndrome does this cause serious arrhythmias. Since you smoke your risk of heart artery blockage is greater than that for a non-smoker.
571807	1 tooth w/small indent(not cavity) use to hurt now all hurt for over a yr.  My new wisdoms are already browning & i brush. Teeth keep getting worse.	Need an exam If all your teeth hurt, you need a clinical exam that is pretty widely encompassing. You may have a systemic illness or really poor oral hygiene that needs to be addressed. Periodontal disease (of the gums) is another likely culprit.Severe dietary issues could also be involved. Get to a good dentist and figure out what is happening.
1264585	Just found out that I have an IgA kappa monoclonal protein in my blood stream?! what can cause this? I have hep c and one kidney, lost other in 2008	Needs observation If you are healthy otherwise you need to observe the level of soothing called m protein what you have is probably what it is calls monogamma pathy of undetermined significance this by itself is i harmful and warrants no treatment but rarely could developed into a blood disease call multiple myeloma which needs treatment please check the m protein level in your blood twice yearly.
687936	Can cervical neck pain and lower back pain symptoms along with numbness in ring and pinky finger on left hand, be an    underlying symtom of something?	Yes - spinal cord c Could be a c6-7 disc bulge but it could also be from multiple causes. It also could be nerve involvement at other sites. See your doctor.
1497393	Hot to the touch ..hurts on the tip.. red ..somewhat swallon & itches?	Skin infections When the skin becomes red, warm to touch and painful it is called cellulitis. Treatment of this includes oral antibiotics and occassionally drainage. See your doctor, because resistant infections are becoming more common and require special treatment.
870642	If complement c3, ch50, serum protein electrophoresis, and immunofixation suggest severe infection, why is CBC normal? I've never had blood culture.	Lab data Without placing values in a clinical context with full history, exam and all data it is pointless to speculate. You need to be evaluated by a physician and if the one you are seeing cannot provide answers, get a second opinion. Try seeing an infectious diseases expert.
6733066	I took 3 pregnancy tests and they all came back negative, had my period and yet i still see veins on breasts and sort of sore nipples.  Am I pregnant?	No If your pregnancy tests were done at the correct time and are negative, then no. Veins and sore nipples are not good signs of pregnancy. All the best.
6774469	Just came to a cold climate. Fever and headache on first day. Fever subsided the next day but now with sore throat and brown phlegm. Also coughing.	Sick after s move Often when one moves to a new place, there are new viruses that you do not have immunity to. Big you feel it is not an ordinary cold see your new doctor to be on the safe side. You never know when pneumonia could be just starting.
6733063	My right knee has been bothering me since Sat. Hurts to go up&downstairs. I did alot of walking and climbing stairs this past week.Some advice please?	RICE Hard to be sure without knowing where it hurts and examining you. In general a brief trial of Rest Immobilization Compression and Elevation may help. Don't overdo any of these but you can use cold packs or a bottle of cold water and a gently wrapped 4-6" Ace as a form of first aid treatment. Will probably subside but you can add Alleve or Motrin if you don't have stomach problems.
1047187	I started a one time vaginal insert for yeast infection and it is kind of making the inside of my vagina burn, and the outside too. Is it normal?	Vaginitis Assuming you are correct and had a yeast infection, the usual medications should not produce burning sensations unless you have an unusual sensitivity to the drug you are using. Check with a gynecologist and make sure your diagnosis of yeast infection was accurate.
273992	Stung by a bee on the back of my hand 3 days ago. Still swollen about 3 times normal size and am now getting small blisters. Should I see a doctor?	Not a bad idea Usually, bee stings should have resolved by now. See your doctor to be safe.
1168756	I have had a swollen lymph node in my neck behind my jawline for 3 weeks. I have taken antibiotics and it hasn't gone away. What could it be?	Watch them Neck nodes can enlarge anytime you have throat infection(either head cold or strept throat). The nodes will settle down in 4--6 weeks.If the lymph nodes enlarge and become bigger then you need to be concerned and need to see your doctor once again to find out the cause.
1152915	All of a sudden the right side of my throat hurts really bad can't swallow right ear and jaw has like a stabbing pain and headache. What could it be?	Hard to say. Could be one of many things. Some minor, some problematic. Recommend you see an ENT doctor asap.
767729	Had part. Medial meniscect '10. Did obstacle race last wknd; now same knee swollen, tight, painful, limited rom. Re-tear vs aggravating original tear?	Both Could be both or new injury. Revisit your orthopod to get right opinion.
537359	2 weeks ago I have dizzines 24/7  and back pressure in the back and top side of the head whith tinnitus, 1 ear exam abaut  lose my hearing is good.	See your doctor Problems like these can only be correctly handled by your doctor in person. He/she needs to listen to you, perform an examination and possibly run labs or other tests. That's the only way he/she can find out what's going on and what to do about it.
1405790	I have acid reflux and post nasal drip and just had a baby. I noticed recently that food seemed to go down my throat slowly. Is this acid reflux?	REFLUX You should ask your PCP for a referral to a GI specialist. Reflux can be worse during and after pregnancy. The GI doc will plan with you an ongoing protocol to manage your reflux and make sure it doesn't progress to something more serious.
896534	My son has been puking on and off for 3 days. Recently complaining of severe sore throat and has diarrhea. But no fever. Do i need to get him checked?	Yes The vomiting, diarrhea and especially the sore throat put him at risk of dehydration given the fact that he is losing fluids and might not want to eat/drink as usual. You need to make sure his illness is no something that need to be acted immediately on. Good luck.
1264053	Why 4 days late in apr? Some pain in lower abdomen, left hip ache and breast tenderness. Last period in feb and mar.  Had protected sex early feb.	Pregnant? No birth control is 100% effective.
1405796	I feel like im constipated but with diarrhea at the same time.. I have cramps and urges to go diarrhea but not enough comes out? I also have anxiety?	Diarrhea You don't say how long this has been going on, what the stools look like (blood, mucous, etc. ). My advice would be to see a GI doctor and have this evaluated if it persists beyond 7-10 days. This may be infection, non-infectious inflammation, irritable bowel syndrome, and so on and so on. Go soon and hope things clear up quickly.
6736922	I have lost my voice for two months. it started with pharyngitis. my tooth was extremely sore too. A few weeks ago... I found out my tooth was abscessed. It was removed yesterday and I was given antibiotics? Will my voice come back? Is it likely the infec	See ENT Does not appear to be related. Did you see an ENT? The tooth was extracted and an antibiotic given, now get a treatment plan to replace the missing tooth to avoid additional problems.
1547674	13cm simple ovarian cyst gyn suggested  laparotomy to remove the cyst & possibly the ovary! i dont wanna lose my ovary how can i save it help me plz?	Ovarian cyst It could be helpful and wise to get a second opinion from a different gynecological surgeon
1222439	After dinner, 1 sip cocktail.  Burning sensation in neck, across shoulders, left arm for 5 min.  1 burp.  Diarrhea after. Heart? Indigestion?	Prob GI, get checked The symptoms sound like there is a GI component with the alcohol involvement (can be a trigger), as well as the gas and the diarrhea. You can never be too safe though, and a routine eval with your dr. And an ekg will help assure your heart is stable. Avoid the triggers that may cause heart burn at this time. Best wishes.
403435	My mom is having severe neck and back problems. What can she do? My mom has been ill with heart problems, emphasema, liver problems, and high blood pressure. Her doctor has quit seeing her. She was told not to take over-the-counter medication.	She She needs to find a new doctor as soon as possible. In the meantime if her pain is unbearable she can present to a walk in clinic or urgent care for help. With her medical issues she needs to be under the care of a physician. I wish her well.
381987	How common is it for a 17 year old to get cervical cancer with genital warts and an iud? I have had the IUD for 4 years now. And, i just got rid of my genital warts. But, I do not get regular pap tests.	The The fact that you have genital warts means you have been exposed to the hpv virus, there are 100's of types of hpv, some causing warts, and other types causing cervical cancer. The only way to tell if you have cervical changes from hpv is to have a pap smear. However, new guidelines from the american college of gynecologists (acog) recommend pap smears not be done until age 21. Acog states, " although the rate of hpv infection is high among sexually active adolescents, invasive cervical cancer is very rare in women under age 21. The immune system clears the hpv infection within one to two years among most adolescent women. Because the adolescent cervix is immature, there is a higher incidence of hpv-related precancerous lesions (called dysplasia). However, the large majority of cervical dysplasias in adolescents resolve on their own without treatment" you should still visit your doctor for their input, and other testing, mainly std when indicated. Even though you have an iud, you still need to protect yourself against std's, this can be done by using condoms with any sexual encounter, including oral, anal, and genital. Good luck.
355081	My palse is high just sitting, blood pressure high, feeling dizzy, bloated, fatigued and gassy. I don't feel myself. ?	See doctor Sounds like u shd see your doctor to eval your heart rate and BP more closely. These symptoms can be seen for a variety of reasons but the end effects of increased heart rate and BP are important to recognize/diagnose and possibly treat.
6766316	I've had an itchy scalp for a week or two. It's not red, I don't have dandruff or a dry scalp, and I don't see any lice. Ddx for an itchy scalp?	Dry Skin There are a couple of reasons that could be responsible. Dermatitis from change in shampoo. Sunburn to scalp. Excessive use of hairdryer.
403082	How much pain will I have after male breast reduction surgery? I need to go back to work as soon as possible, but i can't be on heavy-duty pain meds. Will the pain after male breast reduction surgery be manageable with aspirin or aleve?

.	Post Post operative pain depends on the extent of surgery and your tolerance. Most of the time advil or Motrin should do the trick. Good luck from nyc. For more info visit www.Drgrossman.Com.
1546019	When should an 11 y/o see a doc after hitting her head on a shelf. There is a bump, redness, pain if touched, and constant headache. Happen yesterday.	Now Better safe and careful. Put ice locally mean time.
1517884	Tight cramping sensation left breast Heart area. About a minute long. No other complications. History of inflamed chest wall and anxiety, palpitations?	History repeats Seems like history is repeating itself. Those things may be a good way to motivate yourself to get into CBT therapy and learn skills to avoid, reduce and manage anxiety. It works if you do and your whole long, healthy life will prove how worthwhile it was.
1498627	Will untreated orchitis cause atrophy if under two month period?It was bacterial. Was prescribed wrong antibiotics.(macrobid)Wasn't a UTI or std.	Orchitis if left untreated, orchitis may or may not cause varying degrees of atrophy or loss of fertility
206999	Light earlier period , nausea, indigestion, pains/contractions in vagina, extreme fatigue, loss of appetite. May I be pregnant? I had sex 1 month ago.	Yes Occasionally you might have some light spotting a month or so later. Sex 1 month ago could make you six weeks pregnant. Do a pregnancy test.
1111623	Is it possible to have 2 norm periods 4 neg tests and have unprotected sex over 2 months ago and still be pregnant i'm on bcp my breast look diffrent?	No it's not It is not possible to be pregnant after twi normal periods from sex two months ago with four negative pregnancy tests while on birth control.
249309	I got a mole by my right eye completely removed 4 yrs ago. I just noticed a bump which i'm not sure is the mole growing back or a keloid. Insight?	Could Be either if dark. Probably a mole.
574462	Should antibiotics be given after keyhole surgery to remove ovarian cyst?	Not routinely The surgery / recovery usually go fine without antibiotics.
1407792	Ulnar Nerve Entrapment has kept my pinky finger of the left hand numb since mid-May this year.What should I do about it as the problem still persists?	Ulnar Neuropathy Need to discuss with your doctor, have additional testing done to assess whether there is weakness of the ulnar innervated muscles; a need to determine whether you need translocation surgery.
1111629	I hav a lot of little brown spot from my back(until waist) and front before my breast. It's itchy. How to make it disappear?	Brown spots You may have a fungal infection. See your dermatologist for treatment.
1407247	I have pain stemming from the back of my left leg (calf) down to the ankle and numbness like pins and needles in my toes on the left foot. ?	Nerves=numbness First consider if there is any swelling present. When someone presents with calf pain, it is important to be aware of the risks of blood clots in this area. This would most likely present with swelling of the leg. Many times people feel numbness in their foot in such a scenario. Such pain could also be due to injury to the Triceps Surae. If swollen, I send my patients for a doppler study.
1350526	6wk pregnant third day of bleeding passing big clots like likuoria filled with blood,on first day of bleeding doc see baby heart bt in ultrasound mildpain?	Pregnant n bleeding Bed rest, hydration and you need a follow up u/s & HCG levels. Please f/up with your OB. A miscarriage needs to be ruled out.
354428	Which is a more effective treatment for acne scars: chemical peeling or laser skin resurfacing?	Laser is deeper In general, a deep laser peel will be more effective, but the recovery time will be longer than a moderate chemical peel.
6682390	I've been having abdominal pain, bloating, gas and nausea for two weeks. One week ago ER showed nothing on CT but sludge in gallbladder. What to do?	GI surgeon Do a GI consult, if your gynecological history is negative
1521825	Can you have atrial fibrillation with a slow heart rate 60-100?	Yes atrial fibrillation is when the atrium is beating not in coordination with the ventricle. It beats around 200 beats a minute. If the ventricular rate is controlled it beats 60-100 beats a minute. Since the are not synchronized there is a higher risk of blood clots in the heart which then can be thrown to the brain causing a stroke.n that is why we use blood thinners.
1226595	Stomach pain history of cyst losted one ovary from a enlarged cyst have one ovary never got pregnant pain during sex pain when have to pee cramps?	To summarize You have pain with intercourse and pain when you have to urinate that feels like cramps. The possibility exists that this is simply a bladder infection and would be easy for your doctor to diagnose and treat. Given the number of other possibilities (infection of the cervix, recurrent ovarian cysts, etc) you should schedule a visit.
504550	What would cause IgM level to be 7.5 if IgG and IgA are in normal range?	Can't answer You did not mention the units used for the igm. Also, if the igm is really low without any other abnormalities, it would not necessarily explain why you are tired.
1285572	I recently tested positive for chlamydia, after seeing the doctor for sharp pelvic pains, heavy period, and lower back pains. Do I have pid?	Possibly See your doctor and be evaluated and treated.
405788	Hey i usually get me period before my mom . Is this a sign of pregnancy no symptoms of vomit, headaches, dizziness or fatigue.. Just after school i take a nap . Im really concerned	Hello. Hello. If you have had unprotected sexual intercourse, and your period is late, that might be caused by pregnancy. However, girls can be late for other reasons (including stress). If you have missed your period, the best way to find out, is to take a pregnancy test. Take care.
6669009	Itchy vulva, in the front where labia majora starts (at the "mound"). Gyno says he sees nothing. No STDs, not sexually active. What can I do for it?	Tx the Symptoms Sometimes you need to simply treat the symptoms. In you case, it may be low lying yeast infection, just being felt as itchiness, so an over the counter yeast infection cream may help, or even simple benadryl pills as needed for an itch. If you still itch, be persistent and follow-up with the GYN, Best wishes.
1331611	Hyperextended knee reaching over couch, felt and heard pop in knee, severe pain for an hr.then could walk with pain. On cipro for a wk-ureteral stent?	See orthopedist Cipro is associated with tendon rupture, and a"pop" with pain suggests significant injury. Suggest you see an orthopedist for examination.
1249871	Had sore throat and cough for 5 weeks, i get sore throats at least twice a month. Been doctors and said its just a cold? Shall i go again?	Sore throat ; cough One reason may be allergies. Drainage down the back of the throat, especially at night when you lay down, can cause throat irritation and soreness. Mucus can collect at the back of the throat causing you to cough. Another reason may be acid reflux. Acid may creep up your esophagus when you lay down and irritate the throat and upper airways causing a sore throat and cough. Check with your doc again.
312636	I had sex 2 days after last pack of birth control pills, took Plan B pill 3 days after. 8 days later i seem to have an early period. Am i pregnant?	Unlikely Plan b is an effective form of birth control if you take it within 72 hours of unprotected intercourse. Its unlikely that you are pregnant if you took it within 3 days. Since you stopped the birth control pill and took plan b, your cycle could be altered. If you are very unsure, you can take a pregnancy test in a week to be certain.
6761869	Why is it good to see a dermatologist if a mole worries you?	Melanoma To make sure you don't have a very malignant melanoma.
312632	Hi, doctors, what role does iodine play to a woman with urine fibroids ?And may i know what are thyroids?	No role Iodine plays no role in uterine fibroids. The thyroid gland is located in your neck and produces thyroid hormone.
6695276	Nonobstructing kidney stone measuring 0.7 cm. Is that too big to pass or will I need surgery?	Kidney stones It really depends on where this stone is. Inside the kidney, it will probably stay put. In the ureter it is likely to cause pain and suffering. In the bladder, it will sit. Stones today rarely are treated with surgery, but instead use non-invasive sound waves to fracture the stone into fragments that can pass easily.
589201	Pregnant? Nausea, headaches, period-like cramps without a period, brown spotting, mood swings, breast pain, UTI like cramps/peeing frequent but no pain	Get tested Urine test strips are cheap and quite effective. If not pregnant, retest in several more days, or go and see a gynecologist.
1188071	Frequent headaches, dizziness, shortness of breath, tachycardia, nausea, eye pain.	Headaches Could be migraines, but frequent shortness of breath with fast heart rate without asthma could be a serious thing. Go see your doctor or go to er for complete evaluation. Eyes must be checked as well for inflammation and pressure. Good luck.
1008013	Headache, shaking, weakness, numbness in head arms hands feet and lower legs, extremy tired, short of breath and irreagular heart rythm what could this be?	Chronic anxiety See your doctor for an evaluation but it sounds like anxiety is a likely cause.
75345	Is there  a blood test for genetic intolerance to statins?	No There is no blood test to determine if you have an intolerance to certain meds. While allergies can be determined, general intolerances can not. In most cases, trial and error are the onlyy determining fators as to what you can or can not tolerate.
593777	Bad cramps then tender stomach, sore nipples, dizzy keep sweating left hand tinglingy, just about last day of period. Very worried please help?	You must You must see your gynecologist asap.
1101598	Had fast heartbeat, short breath, bad chest pain in heart area for 6 months now. Had no help from my doc. Should i go back? And what could it be?	Anxiety Disorder This is a classic presentation of an anxiety disorder in a teen.
6775496	I am average size. But my face is always swollen.I do have sinus trouble & use a Nasal spray. I also use Saline spray. Antihistamines don't help?	Rhinitis Which can be allergic rhinitis or rhinosinusitis, you need to see an ENT or an allergist, I am not sure about your swollen face, that needs examination, check aaaai. org or acaai.org for an allergist in your area, good luck
354036	Breast cancer reconstruction patients: what does it mean when the doctor can't "find the magna site"?	Injection Site Staged reconstruction with tissue expanders involves slowly injecting the expanders with saline (salt water). One type of expander has a magnet adjacent to the injection valve and a special (needle) finder to make injection easier.
6654437	I have been diagnosed with Ulnar nerve entrapment. Is it possible to have carpal tunnel as well? It feels as if my whole hand is numb and tingling	CTS and Ulnar Nerve entrapment can occur in the same limb. The ulnar nerve can be entrapped in more than one place as well (canal of Guyon in the base of the hand and cubital tunnel in the elbow. There are also other conditions to consider (Martin Gruber Anastomosis and "All median Hand Syndrome" ) A good quality EMG-NCS done by an experienced neurologist (or PMR MD) can sort this all out.
6654921	I slept for 5 hours only last night and the next day I feel nausea, head ache and vomiting. It is always like this every time I sleep with 6hours less?	Sleep needs vary from person to person. Some people feel ill or hungover if they don't get 6 or more hours while others can thrive on 4-5. You seem to have found your limit, so ensure that you get adequate rest. A healthy diet with adequate protein, fruits and vegetables will be helpful. Thanks for trusting HealthTap!
687555	I have been having sharp pain behind my knee when bent, deep within the knee, by the kneecap, and recently twitching after running, but no swelling.	Souds like Osgood-schlatter's disease, common in you age group. You will need an accurate physical examination and maybe x rays, so see your doctor for better advice.
1482184	Pink spot on thigh that is very dry only itches if I touch it. When I rub over it I can feel it's a little raised. Hoping not skin cancer ?	Skin You should see a dermatologist to check it out
56646	I have an itchy anus hole, no rash or bumps or anything it just always itches and sometimes bleeds(may be from itching) I have psoriasis if it matters?	See dermatologist This is a socially embarrassing situation and you should visit your doctor to get it checked out since there are many potential causes.
962517	How much diphenhydramine HCl will kill me?	Tons You will likely be able to tolerate at least 5 capsules without much problem except for drowsiness and a dry mouth. As for the lethal dose, i don't know the exact number but i'd doubt that even taking 20 capsules can kill you.
1475403	Have been experiencing gas, bloating and extreme pain in the upper right abdomen for the last month. I'm now getting pain on left side after eating?	46 Conditions This complaint can possibly be associated with up to 46 different conditions. Therefore it would need to be thoroughly worked up by your primary physician and if preliminary workup is negative then he would probably consult with a gastroenterologist. The workup could be from days to weeks to sort out. Make an appointment with your doctor and be ready to provide as much detail as possible.
6736072	I took a 40mg Vyvanse tablet a week ago tomorrow. I have a pre-employment 10 panel urine test tomorrow afternoon, will the Vyvanse appear on the test?	Not likely It is unlikely that vynase will eve be tested for. See this site for the usual drugs included in the screen in the 10 drug panel. http://www.drugs.com/answers/drug-test-10-panel-urine-test-consist-testing-701515.html
6669878	I have 2 cysts in left/2 ruptured cysts in right. not pregnant. Having back pain, fatigue and nausea constantly. no apetite. should I worry?	Concerned, yes. If your symptoms started after the cysts on you right ovary ruptured, they may be a result of the irritation that the material from the cysts has caused in your abdominal cavity. Treatment is symptomatic: OTC pain medications, relative rest, heating pad and a light diet. If you get increasing abdominal pain, fever, bloating or vomiting, you should seek treatment promptly. Sorry for all this.
1541480	I had ACL surgery may 15, 2014 and for about a 3 weeks twice a week I would kick a bag n do mits light, I hear a cracking sound when I flex my knee?	Likely ligaments The knee joint has several bursa, which are areas where the ends of ligaments are allowed to move in and out of the bursa when you are walking or exercising. The bursa contain fluid that allow for smooth movements and the sound you here may be either a lack of bursar fluid, or decreased synovial fluid in the joint itself. In the absence of pain this is not a serious concern
1263870	Pressure when lying on stomach like when i was pregnant. Not currently pregnant and on Depo-Provera provera. What could cause this pressure besides pregnancy?	Bowell distension Can cause it. Progesterone relaxes smooth muscles( part of your bowell. As a result you may have some bowell distension that explains your simptoms.
862910	I have an ovarian cyst that is 7mm, left ovary. I am 9wks pregnant.  At what size of a cyst do they require surgury? My next ultrasound is in a month.	Normal The ovarian finding is a normal follicle and will cause you no problems.
1440394	My boyfriend has kidney stone pain but when he went to the hospital they said it was nothing?	Kidney stone pain It is possible that he passed the stone by the time he got to the hospital. It is also possible that the pain he had was not due to a kidney stone. Did you ask the physicians who saw him there what the problem was? The had all the pertinent information and could have provided you with a meaningful answer, if they were asked.
509296	Can shingles be the cause of hand foot mouth disease virus?	No They are different viruses.
380710	I have a very, very bad sore throat, a fever consistently between 99-101 degrees, a headache, a slight cough, and a stuffed nose it all came on quite suddenly on sunday. What could this be?	Based Based on the symptoms you described you could be dealing with pharyngitis (infection of the throat) which could be caused by a bacterial or a virus; versus a sinus infection. Other more serious less likely possibilities include influenza (flu) or meningitis (infection of the central nervous system). Regardless, you need to see your health care provider right away; the provider will ask you specific questions about your illness and perform a physical exam. You can expect that your provider will likely perform a throat culture or a test called a rapid strep test and possibly blood tests to check for certain infections. Your doctor/provider will make a decision based on the test results regarding which treatment is appropriate. If a more serious problem is suspected, your doctor will likely send you to the emergency department.
6652556	I hv fever for last few days, slight weakness. But I came in contact with person suffering from swine flu. Now slight pain in chest and heavy throat.	Get tested If you have malaise, sore throat, fever, tight chest, etc. these are all symptoms consistent with viral illness. If your encounter with a victim of swine flu preceded these symptoms, your viral illness may be influenza. If you're getting worse, you should promptly seek help. If you're getting better and it's been several days, continue rest and hydration until symptoms resolve.
990622	What causes sinus to get worse in the afternoon. Pressure/congestion/pain/facial sensitivity/burning/tingling sensation. Can barely sleep.. Relief?	See a doctor The changes in your sinus pressure and symptoms can alter due to position of your head, lying down or being upright, or could possibly be due to an infected upper tooth. I would recommend you see an ENT specialist and they should be able to help you or know who to refer you to.
1208845	I have patellar tendonitis in my knee and lately i can feel the pain in my hip. Is this normal and since the cold weather i can notice the pain more.	Knee and hip pain Can lead to back pain. See a physical therapist that works with gait or kinetic movements. It's very easy to overcompensate for pain and change your whole posture. At the other end of the body jaw clenching can lead to shoulder and neck tension
1272474	If I have been cleared of every generic test (std, yeast infection (which wouldn't leave for 2 yrs), urea plasma), why is my vagina still so itchy?	Vaginal irritation Certain soaps and preservatives can cause recurrent irritations. Be careful of soaps or feminine products with propylene glycol especially.
705806	What causes a swollen lymph node in neck and acne on the shoulder?	Probably nothing Acne confined to a shoulder may be from rubbing; we see this in men who bench-press large amounts of weight. Most adults have one or more palpable lymph nodes in the neck, and if they are not rock-hard, fixed to other structures, or growing rapidly, they're best ignored. Glad you're a good observer of the body. Good luck.
6745472	sudden severe back flank pain, nausea, weak, thirsty, clear urine, always itchy, no std, no prego, normal abdominal ultrasound, normal ECG, underweigh	Go back to DR You certainly have been seen by DR to get the testing done that you mention. With the continued pain, it is best to recheck with that DR.
253342	I have allergies I sneeze every morning but I have seen I have itchy eyes they itch all the time and I feel better rubbing them. Please help prescription needed?	See your Doctor There are steroid nasal sprays that are very efffective for controlling sneezing and nasal congestion. Naphcon a eye drops can be purchased without a prescription and help treat itchy eyes.
372376	What kind of antibiotic is best for a foot infection following treatment for plantar warts? Had cryo liquid nitrogen and canthacur treatment on foot for several plantar warts 2 days previously.  The post treatment instructions said to call with any signs	Thanks Thanks for your question! after having liquid nitrogen treatment for plantar warts, it is not unusual to have some mild redness around the treatment area. This is called "reactive erythema" and is a sign of the inflammation around the area that was treated. However, redness that is warm and/or painful, or that spreads or that drains pus, can be a sign of cellulitis - a bacterial infection of the skin. It can be difficult for patients to tell the difference sometimes. I would recommend seeing your doctor right away to determine if antibiotics are needed. If it is cellulitis, the most common bacteria that cause infection in this area are staphylococcus and streptococcus. You may have heard of a bacteria that is more difficult to treat with antibiotics called methicillin resistent staphylococcus aureus (mrsa). There are also other bacteria that can cause the infection but these are the most common. Cephalexin is a common choice for skin infections but would likely not be effective for mrsa. After examining your foot, your doctor can make an educated decision regarding which antibiotic is right for you, taking into account which medications you are already taking, your allergies, and your examination. Never take antibiotics unless they are prescribed by a medical professional for your specific problem. It can be dangerous to take leftover medications from a previous infection or to purchase antibiotics on the internet. At best, it can confuse the picture for your doctor if a wound culture is needed. I wish you the best!
1301418	What do you suggest if i currently have dry itchy red skin from acne medication, what do I do?	Get help The over-the-counter agents that work, such as benzoyl peroxide, do this. Your phyiscian can help you find the best combination of prescription and topical meds for you.
1576657	Red spots under skin on feet. No pain or itching. Looks like a light rash... Concerns?	Could be A sign of low platelets. Get it checked out
864000	Is arterial doppler ultrasound only way of identifying ischemia in hand.  If not what r other ways. Have pain in fingers wrist elbow and shoulder?	No Physical exam, doppler, angiogram, ct angio, MRI can all show the issue to varying degrees. With radial arteryn obstruction, the shoulder is not usually involved. .? Thoracic outlet or two diagnoses? Need a vascular surgical review, exam!
902672	I have itchy watery eyes, clear drainage in nose, draining itchy ears, cough, itchy sore throat, any ideas what this could be?	Virus v. Allergy Either of these is a good possibility, the latter far more likely. See an allergist and get tested.
611737	Irregular periods, oligomenorrhea, no hirsutism, acne, normal hormone profile. What could be the cause?	Ovulatory disorder You probably do not have pcos but with irregular periods you have some form of ovulatory dysfunction; probably hypothalamic pituitary dysfunction. With a normal hormone profile you do not have anything to worry about but i will be harder to get pregnant and probably will need fertility medications to induce regular ovulatory cycling.
1289095	Aprox 3wks back of rhs hand=constant numbness with moderate pain. Have a soft med size lump btwen thumb/index fingr closer 2wrist. Past wk pain&gt;tia	CTS / Ganglion cyst Without more information (which fingers are most affected-exact location and texture of the lump) i'm giving you the most common cause. Irritation and swelling of the median nerve usually causes parasthesias in the thumb, index finger, middle finger and 1/2 the ring finger (depending on anatomic varients) ganglion cysts initially come and go with pressure leading to bulging of fluid.
1289096	Sore with red bumps back of throat lasting over month. Swollen tonsils. Now tired all thr time. All began day or two after sex with another man.	Mono? This could be mononucleosis, given how long it's lasting. See your doctor, get a throat culture, blood test for mono and evalution for sexually transmitted disease.
1391856	For about 4 wks now, I feel like I have something stuck in the back of my throat. I do have acid reflux. Could it possibly b post nasal drip instead?	Post-nasal drip? Allergy-related swelling of the back of the throat can make a feeling of swelling. Irritation from acid reflux can cause a local inflammation also. If the problem continues an examination by a physician is warranted.
1113700	My father has 2 artificial knees and 2 artificial hips. One of his legs is being amputated because of mrsa. Can the MRSA be hiding in the other artifi?	Possible It is possible and therefore very likely he will need a prolonged course of antibiotics. It is best to discuss with your orthopedic surgeon and infectious disease consultsnt.
1105826	Can you tell me if you are vaccinated with hepatitis a, b, c can you still get infected ?	Yes You can't be vaccinated against hepatitis c because there's no vaccine. Hepatitis a and b vaccines are good vaccines, but no vaccine is 100% effective. After being vaccinated, you can find out whether you're protected with blood tests: total HAV antibody for a and hbsab for b. If those are negative, repeat or booster vaccination should be considered.
771510	I get big red itchy rashes all over my chest and arms but their not bites, is it possible that im getting it from stress?	Possible, but It's possible for stress to lead to hives, etc. It's also possible for dyes in clothing and/or laundry detergents to cause this; so can using a new soap or other product on yourself. You may want to see your physician if this is happening frequently.
1238576	I cut my foot years ago now theres a hard lump, maybe calcium buildup, may not. After resting for a while it really really hurts just a walk.	Many possibilities Some causes of painful lumps may include: bony overgrowths, soft tissue masses, ganglions, fibromas, and cysts. Have it evaluated by a professional to get the right diagnosis.
1520524	Can I get a second ACL Reconstruction on my knee ?, I'm 28 yearsold and dealing with minor arthritis and was told to do so by a doctor.	Yes you can It is possible to have a repair of the repairs ACL. As for arthritis that is another matter. Perhaps a second opinion will help. There are options that an orthopedic surgeon can give. Talk to your doctor. I'm sure there's options
6715151	Hi I am on amoxicillin for a dental abscess and am now having troubles with dihareeh is this normal and can I prevent it?	Amoxicillin This is the common complications of amoxicillin if it persists I would suggest you speak to the dentist and get a different antibiotic
6749372	Was told by a dr I had low risk hpv   gonorrhea and chlamydia but my sex partner doesn't have it , could she have been wrong ? I don't have symptoms	Could be true The sad thing about all the STD's you mention is that a woman may have them for an extended period without symptoms. The gonorrhea and chlamydia could be present long enough to damage your tubes and reduce your fertility and you still never know. You could have carried all for quite a while. Condoms would decrease risk for your present partner. Get treated or accept the risk.
1091912	I suddenly got a headache 1 yr. Ago, w/ dizziness, & ear fullness. Everything went away except ear fullness. I hear a loud thump upon bending or straining.  No midde ear fluid seen. No tmj. No allergy?	See an ENT I would recommend seeing an ENT dr. Whom can hopefully determine your the source of your issues. If in doubt, get more than one opinion.
842306	Since 2 days, I have been having severe pain which shoots down my leg, when i stand or bend down from the hip . I have severe knee arthritis in the same leg. What shouldi do?	See below Talk to your doctor, this could be a simple as a slipped disk in your back. A scan should rule this possibility out. Sometimes these areas can be come inflamed and trigger nerve pain that radiates down your back and leg.Can frequently be managed with nsaids and a planned exercise regime, but please check with your md.
1040117	I had an open ovarian cyst surgery two years back and a few months later i started getting low grade fever 99-99.6f. It stays persistently mostly?	Low grade temp Your temp is considered normal and probably has nothing to do with your surgery. If you are concerned see your doctor for a complete medical workup.
1022895	Is it normal to have a small pimple on your nipple that itches?	Cannot say You really need to see your gynecologist or a dermatologist to make the diagnosis.
237798	If my right arm and hand from the elbow down are tingling, is this probably a sign of poor blood circulation?	No Numbness is usually due to a nerve problem rather than circulation. You should be checked for carpal tunnel syndrome and a cervical disk.
1004543	Swollen lymph node from bee sting, what to do?	Simply monitoring Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
632804	Dizziness, diahrrea, headache, fatigue, sore throat. Tested negative for strep throat. What do I have?	Viral illness With those symptoms and a negative strep, this illness is likely caused by one of many viruses that are circulating around the country. That's good news and bad news. Good news is you don't need any medicines to treat it - your body will do that for you. Bad news is you have to rest and take care of yourself for a few days so your body can fight the infection. Rest, fluids, and TLC to yourself.
1374253	2nd month clomid,delayed period for 6 days,breast congestion in 2 days and gone without any other symptms now,-ve pregnancy test.what should i do?	Ovulation? Is your GYN confirming that you are ovulating on the current dose. If you are ovulating, there's only a 25% chance of getting pregnant each month. If you don't get pregnant after ovulating for 4 months, you need to look at other issues or options.
1412231	Itchy rash started on neck back legs and stomach. That mostly gone in few hours. Rash has moved to breasts and arms and still on back?	This may be viral(or other infections) drug induced, contact, or many other causes, see dermatologist for answers and treatment
764736	Sudden onset of heat and pressure in the rt side/front of neck/back of head/by ear & pain under it.  Metal taste in mouth, tingling in rt side face.	Trigimenal neuralgia Your ear nose and throat doctor should check you for trigimenal neuralgia or a facial nerve weakness.
773796	Bad tooth ache and can't get into a dentist. Currently on antibiotics. What can I take for pain?	Go to the ER If you are already taking antibiotics and on tylenol or advil, there is nothing much else you can do on your own. You could go the hospital and get an injection of local anesthetic and may be some stronger pain killers until you can see your dentist.
1008900	Have grey foamy diarrhea for over a week with nausea. Have no gallbladder. I suffer with IBS but this is different. Can't stop going. Help please?	Suggestions... Sorry to hear about your troubles. Try scaling back your food choices to a brat diet (bananas, rice, apple sauce and white toast) to break the pattern. Consider learning about and implementing a low-fodmaps diet after the diarrhea resolves. Good luck!
6698819	Slight fever tongue burns sores in throat and painful to swallow with cough and phlegm ? Went to doc was given hydro Ithink misdiagnosed mono orstrep	Go back to doctor Go back to your Docytor or see another doctor for second opinion
6698818	My knee is quite painful, it's when I put weight on it and take the weight off again it feels tight and painful and when I walk upstairs it clicks, I went to a physiotherapist last month and she said the knee cap has gone to a side and she gave me exercis	Patellofemoral pain With no history of injury and your description of your symptoms suggest patellofemoral ( 'kneecap') pain. Lose weight if you are overweight, strengthen your quadriceps( leg lifts, leg press), try an anti inflammatory ( Ibuprofen) / kneecap 'sleeve' and avoid aggravating your kneecap( squatting, stairs, etc). See an experienced ORS for definitive examination/ diagnosis. Best of Luck!
1294469	Itchy maculopapular rash appeared on stomach yesterday morning. Slight dizziness, fatigue..Mono or other virus? No sore throat, fever, or luq pain.	Rash Hard to tell, rashes can be from different causes, doubt it is viral with absence of systemic symptoms. I suggestyou get it looked at. It can be a conact allergy or eczema orsomething else.
396319	What is this feeling? Dizziness, nausea, headache, eyes flash and move, like they are spasming and it happens when i move, i can't really explain what is going on. I have this weird feeling through out my whole body and i get dizzy and nauseous, I have a	With With a new headache associated with visual symptoms you need an immediate evaluation. It could be a migraine, but any new headache especially with other symptoms needs an immediate evaluation and possibly imaging. Please be seen immediately for a complete evaluation.
523812	2 months old baby has bumps on her head , corner of ear, back of neck. What can it be and what should I do?	Several things This is a problem that requires a face-to-face meeting with your doctor. In that meeting, your doctor will listen to you, perform a throrough examination and possibly order labs or other tests. Based on this information, he/she will be able to tell you what's wrong and what to do about it.
1360523	If I stop the Depo-Provera shot and start to take the birth control pill will that make my period come and could I get pregnant off that?	Yes and no Yes, if you start birth control pills you should resume having periods, although they may be somewhat irregular while the Depo gets out of your system. No, you should not get pregnant, as you will be substituting one form of birth control for another.
176439	Can I have endoscopic sinus surgery for sinusitis?	Yes Ask your ENT doctor if you are an appropriate candidate for endoscopic sinus surgery. Yes it is possible.
6779760	I recently got fresh blood on my finger, don't think I had any cuts. However 2 weeks later I have sore throat and feel rubbish. Worried I have hiv. ?	HIV RISK Unlikely without direct exposure. Would suspect something else as a cause of symptoms.
1308797	What is chondromalacia medial femoral condyle and chondromalacia patella? My MRI of the left knee result. Is this serious? What is the treatment?	Thin cartilage Chondromalacia is thinning or loss of cartilage from multiple causes, mostly trauma from direct injury or overuse. Rest &knee joint support, including upper leg muscle strengthening are the main rxs. Adjunctive relief may be possible from a 7 active ingredient glucosamine product and epa omega 3 fish oil at a dose of at least 600 mg, but a response should not exceed 4 weeks. Wt control is key!
378984	What could be causing this ? What should I do? I have an 8 yr old daughter who has had re-occurring stomach pain(her lower right side abdomen) and now has blood in her stool and on the tissue when she wipes . She had her gall bladder out 2 yrs ago should	Various conditions. Your daughter needs to be seen by a pediatric gastroenterologist.
1548393	I am sexually active, since  friday i've been experimenting itchy feeling and white unusual discharge with a smell, should i be worried?	Get checked Yeast can present with clumpy, white vaginal discharge to a watery, white discharge. Sometimes a discharge is not apparent. There is No odor. It can cause swelling and redness of vulva along with itching and burning pain. It may lead to pain with urination or intercourse. Get checked to get accurate diagnosis & to R/O STD or other infections.
1056873	Need doctor's help! will Mucinex be tken with melatonin?	Yes No interactions between them.
1129795	I was an excessive tanner in my teens&20s I have dysplastic nevi synd. New very dark spots pop up, are these moles &will they keep coming, ?	Dysplastic nevi You need to be under the care of a dermatologist to make sure you don't develop melanoma.
539680	Slow rising hCG 23 on 1/15/13 & 36 on 1/17/13.  Did another blood test today.  I should only be 3 weeks pregnant today. Can this be normal?	See your doctor These symptoms can only be adequately addressed by your doctor in real-time (face-to-face). Only after a thorogh evaluation, possibly including labs and other studies, can he/she determine what's wrong and what to do about it.
1287944	I have small stone like calluses on the balls of my feet to the right/left sides. They cause a lot of pain. Can they be removed surgically?	Yes It could be removed surgically although it can recur because it is caused from constant pressure on the dependent spots. After getting surgical removal, consistent use of wart cream ( urea 20% for example) could help softening the calluses and decrease the speed of recurrence. Good luck !
629693	Im a breast cancer patient but half way through my heceptin. My doctor stopped my treatment because my heart is only working at 42 percent ?	It does happen in so Herceptin has effects on the heart and can lower its pumping function(ejection fraction(ef)). Normal value is 50-55%; so 42% is not too bad. It will recover by the time they check it again in 3-4 wks, so it is a good idea to stop Herceptin unless you have not yet had at least 6 months of therapy with herceptin(in which case the oncologist can go back and complete it provided the ef has recovered.
6715549	I have SIBO accompanied by a horrible fecal like breath. I'm sorry to be so blunt but I am desperate. I've tried everything from anti/ pro- biotics. I also have had surgery to repair a hiatal hernia that I had due to excessive acid prod. I also had a bari	SIBO/LEAKY GUT SIBO/LEAKY GUT/IBS are becoming more prevalent secondary to the overuse of antibiotics &asteroids in or food. And prescription antibiotics. If you have had normal labs /celiac panel/stools x3 for parasite &hpylori/-colonoscopy. I would Recommend( Gapsdiet.com ) to seal the gut gradually progress through the stages it is gluten free with high saturated fat. gutbliss.com /smoothie diet can be added
1354833	What could be the cause of this rash on my stomach, sides, and breasts it's red, raised, and very itchy I just got over a virus could that cause it?	Examination Without seeing this it is impossible to know. If you were on antibiotics or other medications it may be a systemic allergic reaction. Could also be a contact dermatitis due to detergent in clothing, etc. the other possibility is that this is part of a tick-borne infection, although those are seldom itchy. Have this looked at by a professional. Good luck.
1199837	Could having aniety attacks raise the blood pressure and heart rate? If so, how long does anxiety symptoms last?	BP ; Heart Rate Yes, anxiety attacks raise BP and heart rate. Such attacks are self-limiting, with the most intense symptoms resolving in minutes and the aftermath in an hour or two. It leaves folks fearful of another one happening. A good psychologist can help you mange them and many people do very well indeed. Peace and good health in our stressful world.
1480802	Painful throat,low grade fever,night sweats for first 2 nights,  nasal congestion, bad cough, is this sign of HIV ARS at 3 weeks?  Or viral infection?	Virus It sounds like a bad cold or the flu. Start with hydration, rest and OTC rx. If it persists then see your doctor for a good checkup especially if the cough persists. ( may be bronchitis or less likely pneumonia)
1239440	Zoloft 75mg Buspar 10mg twice trazadon 50mg for sleep can I add Abilify 1mg becaus it help me a lot and it gave me energy and boost my libido and mood	Could make sense That could be a reasonable, effective, and safe combination for some people -- but only under careful supervision by a psychiatrist.
1049267	I took about 250  mg of dextromethorpan and Zoloft 125 mg and 100 mg of trazadone, will this cause serotonin syndrome ? I'm worried help?	Dextro OD Call poison control now at 1-800-222-1222 and ask for their advice asap. Overdose is the concern, not serotonin syndrome. Consider calling 911 and going to the nearest emergency room to play it safe.
6657839	Can a normal vng test and normal physical test at neurologist rule out brain tumor.head ache specialy behnd ear if touch with tingling.dr say mgrne?	Magrain If CT scan and physical exam is normal your doctor is right and he should treat you for magrain.
1379789	Is it normal to have heart palpitations before my period starts?	Yes, for sure Exceedingly common.
871604	My cousin found a large lump in her breast that is painful especially when showering. Shes 41yrs. Can it be cancer? Or a cyst?	Pain is unusual for Cancer, and more likely with cysts. Your cousin needs to see her doctor. After a complete history and physical, an ultrasound will probably be next, likely followed by a mammogram unless she has had one in the past year.
331309	I have extreme hair loss/painful/itchy scalp.I now see my scalp.What can I do other than rogaine that is affective.Can this be serious how can I tell?	Physician exam Loss of hair with a painful, itchy scalp could be associated with multiple problems. Physician review is a must. Hold on the rogaine until you have an accurate diagnosis for your hair loss. Rogaine may even cause itchy skin irritation. Consider review by a dermatologist or hair transplant surgeon. International society of hair transplant surgery.
1489789	I got joint pain.mostly at fingers,wrist,elbow,knee.what is it?	Many possibilities &amp; by definition: an arthritis which simply means joint (arthro), (inflammation); actually just pain in joint area on whatever basis, e. g. uric acid crystals in joints (gout) & what allopurinol is aimed at: blocking waste purine molecules into uric acid, however dose must be high enough to drive UA down to lower normal levels to be effective. There are many other bases, including autoimmune, for pain
718586	Does a heart ultra sound show coronary artery disease?Why would a stress test be ordered I have pre mature irregular heartbeats and low blood pressur	Echo Echocardiogram shows anatomy and physiology but doesn't image the coronaries well. We do a stress test with echo imaging and use wall motion to extrapolate coronary status.
1015316	I have almost constant shimmering wavy vision. Sometimes objects move up & down. I feel like i can't focus.I also have vertigo and pulsatile tinnitus.	Definitely need an Eye exam and thorough neurological evaluation.
760724	Not dx'd but wondering if I should be evaluated for trigeminal neuralgia.  Besides the shock-like pain behind same ear every time scalp pain top head.	Not typical Does not exactly sound typical if trigeminal neuralgia.
1115847	Hello doctors, what does an angiogram consist of?	Hello An angiogram is the injection of x-ray contrast medium ("dye") through a blood vessel.
1443846	Nausea fatigue sharp stomach pains inner trembling loss of appetite. Began 5dys ago after vertigo in shower/vomiting. Period in 2wk. Unable to see Doc?	Unclear what the ?is You are trying to ask. I think you are worried because you would like to see a doctor, but the next available appointment is 2weeks out. I share your concern. This could be a simple viral infection, or you could have another medical issue, like thyroid or endocrine dysfunction. If you are not any better, or worsening, visit an emergency or urgent care facility. If you are getting better,try 2 wait
402250	Is it possibly a blood clot? My girlfriend had a bruise that seemingly appeared spontaneously on the inside of her left arm, near the elbow, a little over a week ago. The bruise has faded, but the knot that was under the bruise --fairly large and hard-- i	Hello. Hello. I can't diagnose her symptoms. However, she may have had trauma to her arm. There are nerves that traverse the elbow, even if the external bruising is fading, there may be a hematoma (like a big clot of blood) that is putting pressure on one of her nerves. Or there could be swelling. The nerves are less well protected where they dive in or out of muscle. The pressure on nerve could be leading to numbness. I see you have this tagged for cardiology. This is usually not the same type of scenario as a deep venous thrombosis that may be throwing clots to the lungs. It sounds like that the numbness is intermittent. I would suggest that if there is a position that seems to alleviate the numbness that she place her arm in that position. I will change tag to orthopedic surgery, so that one of the orthopods might answer it. I don't see a need for an emergency evaluation, but lets see if any orthopods answer.
521347	Got up with my leg asleep. Moved funky and have had slight calf pain. No pain walking. Just tender. Blood clot?! or muscle strain? 25 yrs old.	Not a clot Most likely a muscle strain from the mechanism and situation described.
1552374	My doctor has tried naproxyn tramadol flexirel  cymbalta and Neurontin for my fibromyalgia and arthritis. Nothing has helped. Now what?	Keep,trying Lyrica has been helpful,and indicated to help at doses 300-450 mg daily. Atypical opioids like butrans patch has helped many of our patients. CBT cognitive behavioral therapy, can help as well. Sleep hygiene, hot,showers, morning stretching, dietary changes, and pacing activities all are appropriate. Continue attempts to,find solutions. This can be managed but only if you lead the way.
870131	If i did chemical peeling for my skin , will the acne scars go away?	Maybe If the scars are superficial and you get a deep enough peel then it can remove some of the scars.
55117	My knee hurts weird when I do squats, i'm 28, have had the same problem as long as I remember, and i've never had a knee injury?	Get it checked I suggest that you get it checked out. Although, this may be a minor thing, like patella tendinitis (inflammation of one of the tendons that hold the knee cap in place), more serious causes may also occur. You may be referred to physical therapy if your exam/xray are negative.
1424816	Pain between my arm and my breast and my left rib cage on the  left side under my breast and  serve headache hot and cold sweats no couph fell warm?	Pneumonia Please seek help from your doctor to be sure you do not have an infection/pneumonia
6756708	I have neck pain, headaches, and lower back pain. Also have burning down arms, back and legs. cervical spine mri normal. What could it be?	Lower down ? could be from mid or low back area. Consider mri of those areas?
6688395	Can intake a claritin and Tylenol at the same time for stuffy/running nose, itchy eyes, sneezing and migirane while pregnant?	Category B drugs those are both category B drugs which are considered safe for use in pregnancy and have no drug drug interactions
1141665	Rheumatoid factor just out of range at 20.2. Normal esr, ana. Bilateral hip pain, chest, and roaming pains in other joints, never swelling. Is it ra?	Unlikely Rheumatoid arthritis is diagnosed based on a number of criteria. Each criteria has a point value. You must have 6 points to be diagnosed. What you described would be 2 points. This isn't enough for rheumatoid arthritis (ra). You should still see a doctor familiar with RA to be sure. The most important part if the diagnosis is the feel of the joints not the lab.
1222041	I'm having a white creamy discharge with no odor or itchiness or burning sensation and my boobs are aching? Can this be early pregancy	Maybe Pregnancy can cause breast tenderness and a change in vaginal discharge related to changes in hormones - take a pregnancy test. If it is negative, still make an appointment with an appointment to discuss the discharge and talk about birth control!
517090	My MRI scans are normal but I have weakness down left side and clonus in left ankle, I have all symptoms of MS but doctor won't do spinal tap?	Neurologist I am presuming you are seeing a neurologist for this level of problem. If your MRI scans are totally normal that would make ms unlikely. ... If your symptoms are stable and not changing/ moving that also makes it unlikely. See a neurologist or, if you already have, see another for a second opinion.
1222044	Having an ovarian cyst, possibly endometrioma, 5cm. This is recurrence after removing one a few mts ago by lap surgery. Any risk of malignant?Hope not	Unlikely If you were treated for endometriosis, and a recurrent cysts shows up at the same site as prior endometrioma removal, then it is just recurrent endometriosis - most likely. Given your age, the chance of ovarian cancer is exceedingly rare.
384120	How long will it take for the swelling and tenderious go down in my finger i had surgery on my left idex finger due to a serious infection from a cat bite about 4 weeks ago. My finger is still swollen, tender to the touch and i still don't have full use o	If If the swelling has not started to subside and your finger is tender to the touch then you may be dealing with an infectious process or other post-surgical complication. You need to call the doctor that performed your surgery and inform him/her of your symptoms. They will either see you in clinic or advise you to go to the er. Best of luck.
6778495	I have reddish pimple look alike in my penis head looks like if a rash too, it itchy sometimes what could it be?	Pimple penis could be a number of things but needs to be examined to know.
384122	Do i need penicilin or Monistat is ok? I don't know if this is yeast infection or herpes, is really really painful to pee and after i pee i see in my vagina red spots that after a while cover with a white stuff that it is easy to clean with paper the firs	It It is possible that you have both herpes and a yeast vaginitis at the same time. Usually yeast vaginitis is not a painful problem, which makes me wonder about the herpes infection you mentioned. You relly need to see your family physician or gynecologist soon to sort this out and get proper treatment. Until then take some Ibuprofen or tylenol to control some of the pain.
1489549	Sore tingling feeling in left arm from above my elbow to my wrist just started today and it's warm right above my elbow..What do you think is going on?	Tingling and warm You may have an infection in your elbow area which may also include your nerve
1405303	Knee pain is still here after knee arthroscopy last October and lots of physical therapy I take 800mg of ibuprofen for softball scared coach will bench me if he finds out I'm still taking pain meds	Time for a check up Without knowing the findings from your knee arthroscopy, it is difficult to comment on your ongoing symptoms. You will need to check in with your orthopaedic surgeon for making changes to your treatment plan. Also, your participation in softball may NOT be the wise choice for activities, based on what your surgeon found and did at surgery. Bottom line: go back to your surgeon as soon as possible
961722	I've had sinusitis chest congestion for several weeks, is this normal? How do I get better faster?	NEEDS TO BE TREATED You have had sinusitis and chest congestion for several weeks and it is not normal. Have you been treated or not.And what if any treatment you received.Do you smoke and do you have history of allergies or bronchial asthma. I will suggest you get checked as you may have bronchitis/pneumonia and acute sinusitis and may need anrtibiotics after evaluation if indicated.
233783	Spill on my mountain bike. Upper right arm was next to my side rib cage. I have pain under right breast & shoulder blade. No bruising.?	Rib dysfunction? Sounds like the common presentation for a rib dysfunction, ie the rib gets 'knocked out of whack'. This problem often presents with pain (often sharp or severely achy & worse with deep inhalation or exhalation.) it's easily treatable by osteopathic manipulation, if it is the cause. A proper history & physical exam, including an osteopathic hands-on exam might be able to determine the exact cause.
1292141	14mth old boy had head cold now chesty cough at nigh/phlegm drips down throat. Nose running brown/yellow mucus. Been 7 days. When see a doctor?	Post nasal drip Your child may have a viral infection which typically can take 10 days to clear up. If there is a fever, problems breathing or any pain, I think he should be seen right away. Keeping him well hydrated, using nasal saline and gentle suction and a mild decongestant for children at night will help to alleviate his symptoms. If the cough lingers more than 3 weeks, he should be seen for chronic cough.
793784	I had a surgery in feb to remove a cyst on right knee. It was non-cancerous.Today i see it starting to come back. They said it might.. But this fast?	Yes. A baker's cyst is caused by an underlying knee problem, usually arthritis. Since the arthritis isn't removed by the surgery, the cyst can reform. Inflammation in the knee joint causes increased fluid and that pushes the joint lining out, forming, or re-forming the cyst. They can be very persistent.
6701504	I'm running out of Cyclogyl and DuoNeb and need refills.  My insurance and doctors are still in transition, plus I was admitted to the ER on 4/4 with a stomach hernia and gallstones.  I got a CT, an EKG, a chest x-ray, and an ultrasound so I've been fully	Your meds Are refillable through a paid consult- HealthTap Prime. If you had a question regarding the work up done in Er please finish it.
1429833	Did I Fracture or jam my middle finger under knuckle?  It is swollen and has pain! It is not bruised but on the side there is a bump that is red.	Maybe broken See your doctor. This is not clear as to what you have done. You need to have an xray and see a doctor. If is broken especially at the joint needs special attention. See a local orthopedist. If not go to ER.
1530930	IVF oct 17. Positive obeta hCG 29 oct. Back pain consistently last few days. Is this normal or sign of ectopic pregnancy?	Follow levels Congrarulations and good luck. The pain is likely nothing to worry about, but you should have the BHCG level followed up to make sure everything is OK. Also, a progesterone level would be helpful in making sure everything is ok.
840415	12 DPO creamy white discharge crampy nausea sore breast urinating like crazy..Chance of pregnancy..Test said negative..Help?	Time & technique It may be too early to test. For home pregnancy test, it is better to wait 4-5 days after a missed period; use first morning urine and follow the instructions carefully. Blood test may be positive as soon as one day after a missed period.
1039672	12 year old, puking, nauseated , loss of appetite , no fever but rising temp, tested negative to strep  headache, also sore throat , what could this be?	Nausea You could be incubating a viral illness.
1192727	Can you give me advice with itchy red pumps on elbows and knees?	Many possibilities There are many things that could cause the skin to itch. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, sun exposure, insect bites, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1191368	Diagnosis is costochondritis but I have no pain. Lump starts at underside of collar bone. Also several harder lymphnodes in my groin, jaw, ear areas?	COSTOCHONDRITIS IS Caused by virus mostly. As a part of viral illness, there can be lymph node enlargement at different parts of the body. We have groups of lymph nodes allover our body, like check points to catch bacteria/viruses, they get swollen, kills the germs and over time comes back to their normal small, non-palpable size. Unless you have any other issues (e.g. Unprotected sex/std), you will be ok.
864172	I have had a low grade fever 99.5 and i'm on antibiotics and taking tylenol  and morton? Why isn't my fever going down?	Fever You do not necessarily have a fever. A temp of 99.5 f is normal late in the day. If you reach 100 f or fail to get as low as 98.6 f during a 24 hour period you are considered febrile (having fever), but even then it may not be clinically relevant. The question is why are you on antibiotics and what was the diagnosis? If this is viral you certainly don't need these. Hope you are better soon.
221552	Are non-drowsy antihistamines such as Claritin effective for treating asthma?	Not directly Claritin is useful to reduce the symptoms of allergies, especially post nasal drip. It should be used with other medications. Mid you are having serious allergic symptoms that worsen your asthma, see an allergist.
6713268	Recently I have noticed 2 different areas of small brown spots on my right breast, they are very itchy but do not hurt at all.	See your doctor Can't say what this is without seeing it. See your doctor and get it checked.
526943	My right side of my face is hurting bad. My temporal, jaw, teeth, gums, and gland. What could this be? My right side is swollen I have a slight fever!	Infection? Your symptoms could be from a dental or medical problem or even both. Swelling and fever are generally signs of an infection. I strongly recommend that you see a dentist as soon as possible for a complete and thorough examination and evaluation. Untreated infections can spread quickly and result in serious complications.
1553687	I have a cold for about a 9 days. It is not going away. Green mucus from nose and throat. Blood in nose. Facial pain and cough. Sinus infection?	Sinusitis Likely sinusitis. See MD for exam/xray/probable antibiotics.
1531084	Help toenail groove so painful no signs of infection is it better for podaitrist to cut off the groove skin already 1 year post surgery wth phenol ?	Yes if painful The dead skin that occupies the space where the nail was should be debrided if it is bothersome. It should be fairly painless to have done.
591384	Dull constant pain no apparent reason had CT blood urine test nothing abnormal , no gallbladder , pain located side/ back are, what can this be?	Many possibilities Your symptoms are common, but non-specific. Abdominal pain can result from many processes but i will mention a few. A healthy, young female can experience pain in the side and back from gallstones, urinary infection or obstruction, normal menstruation, appendicitis, ectopic pregnancy, kidney stone, trauma, tumor, and many more. The ct and urine tests are a start, but more investigation needed.
6741967	I have had the same bug bites on my elbow and hand for eight days now. They are extremely itchy and have a red mark in the center. It seems like they are not getting any better. I have not gotten any new bites since getting the original ones. I just moved	Give them time A telltale sign of arthropod (bug) bites are when they come together in "crops"; they get itchier the first few days, and can have a central red "dot" or blister. Usually conservative treatment with a topical cortisone cream and antihistamines will do the trick. If another crop appears, think re-exposure, and investigate the environment!
6774877	I have a very hoarse voice no fever I throat really isnt to sore but im blowing out I thick yellow mucus from my nose no fever very tired?	See Your Doctor If: Your symptoms are consistent with an Upper Respiratory Infection which is most commonly caused by viruses. This type of illness is usually self-limited and resolves over 2-3 weeks. Typical recommendations include adequate rest, hydration, over-the-counter cold medication formulas. See your doctor if not improved after 2 wks of onset or sooner if headaches, fever, or worsening of symptoms.
1497065	How can I check my self for a hernia? Report from Ct scan didn't say I had 1 but my doctor looked at it and said he saw 1? So confused.....	See a surgeon I suggest you see a local, responsible surgeon, preferably a Fellow in the American College of Surgeons. An exam by said specialist would help confirm or exclude a hernia. A cheaper and better exam for hernia, besides physical exam, is ultrasound, but I wouldn't pursue that at this time. Good luck.
980560	Dark spotting1 week after period ended, usually irregular periods being 3 w/s late.Tendor breasts, headache, fever+fatigue.Had unprotected sex.Pregnant?	See doctor I would see doctor for serum pregnancy test. Sice you usu have irregular periods.
1464589	I am 19 wks preg. Had diarrhea for 2 days and cramping in the upper right abdominal quadrant. For the last 2 days, stool has been pale/whitish.	Diarrhea Keep watch - the diarrhea seems innocent and likely reflects either a food incompatibility or biliary change or a virus. RUQ discomfort may reflect a gall bladder process. If escalates, get checked. Be sure you keep well hydrated - water, gatorade are ok. Minimize caffeine now. Minimize milk for now. Notify your OB if persists.
118560	I have never had an issue with allergies, but at 23 I am having symptoms: congestion, itchy eyes, sneezing. It has lasted 2-3 weeks. Will it go away?	Probably This certainly sounds like an allergic reaction to something and unless you are continuing to be exposed, it should improve. Are there new things in your enviroment: pets, furniture, job, etc. Have you recently relocated to the area? If it is due to the unusually high pollen levels it should improve as the weather (and pollens) change.
1027715	Can having GERD and oesophagitis with a small hitus hernia in the upper stomach chest etc cause either breathless and pressure like symptom bloating?	Yes you can Gerd s will give those symptoms , due to regurgitation of gastric contents into esophagus , size of hernia has no correlation , big or small h hernia , some times big hernia may not even give symptoms ( gerd s).
1181205	Why am i swollen down right side my jaw blog hip thigh and knee?	Swelling Swelling is one of your bodies signals that there is something drastically wrong. Let me ask you a question. Why have you not called your physician for an emergency appointment or gone to an emergency room?
934874	What causes tingling in leg from knee down to foot?	Irritated nerve Often sciatic nerve pinching or paroneal nerve pinching causes this. Neuological examination and EMG may be needed.
1138892	Extreme throat pain.  Ears conjested. Tongue hurts. Teeth hurt.  Sinus pressure. Runny nose. Drainage from eyes. Bad cold? Or need antibiotic?	Acute sinusitis Can be caused by vital or bacterial infection. Is a common condition, but if you have signs or symptoms that may indicate a serious infection: severe headache confusion, double vision, stiff neck shortness of breath call your pcp. In any case is always good to see your doctor preventing future complications and decide for the proper diagnosis and treatment.
1229641	My breast are very sore 6 days after my period had unprotected sex my fianc he did orgasm inside me .1 day after my period. Could i be pregnant?	Yes It's unlikely that you would get pregnant on day #2 of your menstrual cycle. I like to tell my patients that there are no such things as a 'safe' day. 6 days after your period would be way early to have pregnancy symptoms as the pregnancy doesn't implant until 6 days after intercourse. I would be the soreness is due to something else. Take a home pregnancy test 5 days before next period due.
823657	Could hypochondriasis cause depression. Been so long on meds and all therapies..Nothing helps. Constant weird symptoms feed my del and gad. What to do?	Hard to know It sounds like you've not found a therapist to work with/for you. It can be hard and can take awhile, but try. Step-by-step research to see what works for you. With therapeutic guidance - start from scratch - try an approach - evaluate it - stick to it or try another until you both feel it will succeed. Work on it together. 1st have a full checkup to relieve the weird medical worries.
612741	I have had a tooth distracted 1 week ago n still hurt really bad in my head, ear n through, went back to dentist but still hurt! is that normal?	Probably not Keeping in mind that everybody's pain tolerance is difference, i would say this probably isn't normal. Could be a dry socket, or if you had a prosthesis placed in the area, it may need to be adjusted. Also possible for small fragments of bone to work their way out after the extraction, but if i had to guess, either a dry socket or an infection would be at the top of my list.
1319564	My daughter has had  a runny nose for months , and is now having a congested cough, she woke upthis morning with her eye crusted , what could this be?	Runny nose, cough This time of year allergies are the most common culprit. Allergies can present as a clear runny nose that comes and goes, watery itchy eyes, wet sounding cough and crusty eyes in a child who has no fever and is still eating and active. There are many good antihistamines on the market. Check with your physician to see which is recommended for her.
34159	Is it normal to have tingling in my hands after carpal tunnel surgery?	Yes Unless you are very young (in your twenties) with very short-term symptoms, this is normal. For most patients, they have some relief of numbness right after surgery and a lot of relief of night-time pain. Numbness in the very tips of the fingers is the last thing to get better. Depending on how long it's gone on and how severe the symptoms have been, this may take a few months.
1372784	I have a light green discharge from vagina, it doesn't smell, itch, or doesn't hurt. Ive been checked out and no STD. Please help.	Vaginitis Most vaginal infections are not caused by STDs. But, there are twelve common STDs. You were checked for all twelve? You have an infection. It is not really likely to be an STD.
792789	Back pain
fevers
cloudy and foul smelling urine
painful urination
swelling in vaginal entrance
history of bladder/kidney infections.
Ideas?	Another episode Sounds like a repeat urinary infection. Testing to confirm and find which bug and medicineis needed would be best. To avoid these, discuss sexual activity-if pertinent- with your provider.
6766821	17 female not sexually active, have cystitis, whenever I pee before or after I shower I have urethra discomfort, burning pain and odor any idea why?	Cystitis Cystitis and urethritis can both cause the urine to have an odor and cause painful urination. Talk to your urologist who did your cystoscopy and uretheral dilatation. Hope this helps.
1261736	I have a fever, sweating, sore neck and shoulders, aches and pains all over, headache and sore throat. Any ideas on what it might be?	Viral syndrome All things considered, it sounds like a viral illness, possibly influenza. How long has it been going on? If just for a few days then treat the symptoms, rest and keep well-hydrated. If it persists for more than a week, or if you develop new symptoms, then see your doctor.
761457	I have a cyst  the causes painful intercou hav have slight occasional bleeding from it . Had one same spot 22 years ago should I worry about anything.	Have it checked You may have infected batholin cyst and it may require treatment. So consult your gynecologist and have it checked.
492237	I was due for my Depo-Provera shot nov. 16 but missed it i had unprotected sex every day after that & he did ejaculate in me. Could i be pregnant?	Of Course The answer to that question will always be, "of course you could be pregnant. " on the other hand, that doesn't mean you are. Finding out is easy enough and, once you know, you can make an informed decision about what to do next, if anything.
1497765	Had back surgery in2010 L4 L5 S1 still having severe pain radiating down my leg causing toe tingling. Injections or therapy hasn't worked. ?	John Sarno's books on back pain may be helpful. Peace and good health.
1436976	All of a sudden both of my feet swelled up, began to itch and burn. The itching and burning goes up the legs to the knees. No redness. Didn't walk a l?	You should see a Doctor there are many reasons feet can swell including but not limited to high blood pressure, incompetent veins, lymphedema, kidney dysfunction, side effect of medication etc. ..itching and or burning is not uncommon when someone has swelling of extremities. You need to find out the etiology of the swelling.
698954	I take Prozac and have been taking duromine 30 for the past 2 weeks, is this safe and can I also take Xanax or Valium at night for anxiety?	BZD+stimulant+SSRI Duromine (phentermine) is a stimulant which can lead to worsened anxiety and insomnia. It can also cause or worsen depression. Similar to Ativan and xanax, this medication can be habit forming, tolerance and dependance can occur, and a vicious cycle may set in. The question is best answered by the prescribing physician.
398077	Ineed to know if common reaction was pulling weed today. Either a bit or reaction..My veins from elbow down to my fingers are swollen in some areas look bruised..I do not have insurance and want to know if this will run its course. Thank you	This This may have been an allergic reaction. In a situation like this you can try Benadryl and monitor for relief. If you still have the swelling and bruising you may be dealing with an infectious process. In this case you will need to see a doctor. Search for free or low cost clinics in your area for help. Take care.
1309617	After buying a heavy watch with a snug band, noticed instant wrist, hand and elbow area tingling. Can this sudden onset be from nerve compression ?	Carpal tunnel Yes. Compression across the wrist can affect the median nerve (carpal tunnel) and/or the ulnar nerve (guyon's canal). Often the numbness and tingling is worse at night. Change watch bands to a looser fit. The numbness and tingling should decrease or resolve in the next few weeks.
1390066	I'm 18 and have a lump I front of my  tragus(ear) it disappears when I open my mouth. I compressed that area with warm water and it has gone down abit?	Possibly It's possible that you have a "preauricular" (in front of the ear) lymph node. Though this is hard to determine without better understanding any associated symptoms or the actual appearance/feeling of the "lump". You should seek medical attention if this lump does not resolve in the upcoming weeks or gets larger or you develop other symptoms around it. Best of luck.
507163	Can a bacteria infection in the vagina have the same symptoms as an early pregnancy?	What symptoms? Transient discharges may occur with early pregnancy, as well as am nausea, breast fullness, fatigue. What bacterial infection are you referring to? Bv would not simulate pregnancy.
993378	My upper arm is swollen just below my shoulder but a few inches above my elbow for 1-2+ months. It hurts if i poke or lift my arm. What could it be?	Any swelling Need to be evaluated . It may be soft tissue , it may be from the bone . At your age , we need to rule out bone tumor . This is not to scare you but bone tumor has bimodal presentation . See you doc , be examined and if need be have imaging . Good luck.
1426950	Frequent & irritable urination after sex. Found visible "blood" in urine.17day late period but Nurse Found no UTI/STD & Neg.Preg. Test. Wat r causes?	See a doctor Blood in the urine is not normal and could signal infection or stone, among other possibilities. Your symptoms suggest inflammation of the urinary tract. Your doctor can help sort this out.
1452262	I have an anteverted uterus that measures 11.6 x 6 x 6.9 CM and there is a 3.5 CM fundal fibroid and a 3.4 CM anterior myometrial fibroid what's wrong?	Common The size of your uterus at approaching the upper limit of normal - but that means that the size of your uterus is still essentially normal. The fibroids are about 1.5 inch in diameter - not that big considering that they could get 10 times that big. 50% of women have fibroids in their uterus by the age of 35.
1244751	Lower right abdominal pain+lower back pain, nausea+vomiting+chills+hot feeling+fever+lost appetite+worsens with pressure+cant walk.Confusion. Help?	Exam needed Appendicitis is still one of the commonest causes of your symptoms. Have a physician examine you asap and he/she will order the appropriate tests.
496913	I had a laparoscopy done 2 months ago but no endometriosis found. I have even worse pain now becauseje i exercised too soon after. What do I do?	Post lap Take a break and recover! wait for the allotted recovery period which is usually 6-8 weeks. Listen to your body and don't overdue it. Get back into your routine slowly or else u will set yourself back.
888729	I have a fever between 98.8-99.5 from last 15 days.Initially i also had cough and wheezing which ends in2-3daysmy test for IgG and IgM for typhis  +.	See an ID doctor Typhus or typhoid? Major difference. Not really sure if you actually have a fever as these values can be normal depending upon time of day. Make a list of all symptoms and the temps and pulses at various times and take this to the doctor with you. Good luck.
370236	I've been having unprotected sex.. And i've had a period but i've been having headaches, sore breasts, back pains, diarrhea and fatigue. What's wrong?	Check for pregnancy You need a pregnancy test. Also if you have vaginal discharge you need to check for std . Need urine test also for uti.
6789068	UTI first treated with Cipro, 1 week later diagnosed with MRSA infection in groin area treated with Bactrim. UTI is back, could it be MRSA related?	It certainly could be MRSA, though Bactrim if it worked for the groin cellulitis should also have worked well for the UTI. Go get a urine culture done at the MD office and get targeted therapy instead of just empiric antibiotics. You need a culture result.
1533483	I have a small white head pimple on the right side of my clitoris. It is not painful or irritating. I have only been with one partner who is STD free?	Here are some ... Apparently, this small white pimple is incidentally self-found and most likely represents a hyperactive sebaceous gland of hair follicle or a sebaceous cyst, but it's harmless and requires no Rx as long as not hurting you and staying in small size until getting infected occasionally. Without looking at it, it's still hard to offer accurate Dx; so seek pro-evaluation & counseling if still in doubt
641668	I have like a callous in between two of my toes. It hurts whenever it kind of bumps into something. This small hard part hits the flesh and it hurts.	A contracted toe A hammertoe is an contracture or a bending of the toe joint which results from a muscle or tendon imbalance due to the mechanical or structural changes in the foot. This can be hereditary or due to environmental factors such as tight shoes. This bending can lead to abnormal pressure distribution resulting in pain, swelling, blistering, and corns. Treatment can be conservative or surgical.
511673	Last night i would wake up from extreme dizziness and nausea. The spinning would go away after about 15 seconds. I also have a headache behind my eyes?	Possible BPPV Awakening from sleep with dizziness and spinning enough to cause nausea and/or vomiting can be caused by positional vertigo. This disorder arises from movement of your ear rocks (otoconia) into the semicircular canals leading to a sense of motion without actually moving (vertigo). Either an ENT (ear nose and throat specialist) or neurologist will be able to diagnose and treat this condition.
1069144	Gi trouble for months. Tests = no major issues, dx'd w/ibs, told not to stress. More pain and blood than usual last 5 days, dizzy, stool smells awful + passes w/dark maroon-black gunk. Normal for ibs?	Not normal I would look into a provider who could do food allergy testing. I do not know what all has been done, but ibs is not associated with abnormal sools.
6752625	I have small, brown, winged bugs in my hair, but they're bigger than lice. Plus, my scalp is very itchy. What  do I do?	Probable lice. Hello. Actually the kind of bugs you're describing DO sound like lice, and they can cause scalp itching. There are several non-prescription products available such as permethrin that can be applied, followed by combing out the eggs with a nit comb. You could also use a "smother" technique with Cetaphil cleanser blow-dried into the air and left on overnight. It is also important to wash fomites
988505	I have very itchy cluster of raised bumps mainly on knees, worse on one knee, and somewhat on elbows?  What is this?  I haven't switched soap?	Could be Could be an allergy an infection. Would be nice to have pictures.
6794185	For years I've had red, itchy bumps on my skin appear at random. Aveeno Eczema cream seems to work - eczema or bumps caused by chronic dehydration?	Here are some... Your described skin changes most times come with no identifiable cause, but personal "dry" skin - rare at 20 - may worsen the itching. So, continue same care and see. As to water consumption, please peruse articles in http://formefirst.com/waterdrink.html. For how to follow other health-related issues, follow instruction described in http://formefirst.com/waterdrink.html.
6755934	I take montelukast & 2 180mg Allegra a.m. 1 Zyrtec p.m., & Dymista for allergies & chronic hives. Prescribed 1 mg Klonopin as needed, safe to take?	Probably not some drugs increase CNS depression and psychomotor impairment These are klonopin and Zyrtec klonopin and dymista. Moreover, why you need to take that many meds. We propose to treat the cause so that you don't need all that. please visit us at www.ehacstl.com to learn more about treating the cause of illness. If interested Please make an appointment. Resp Problems are often environmental dust molds
6741380	Hi there, I have itchy elbows, no rashes or bumps, they just itch and I can't seem to make it go away?	ITCHY ELBOWS? HOW LONG HAVE THEY BEEN ITCHY? SOUNDS LIKE A CONTACT DERMATITIS FROM SOMETHING YOU HAVE BEEN IN CONTACT WITH. THINK HARD WHAT YOU WERE DOING JUST BEFORE THE ITCHING BEGAN . . . IT DOESNT SOUND SERIOUS OR CONTAGIOUS. SEE YOUR PCP OR A DERMATOLOGIST TO RELIEVE YOUR WORRY. BEST LUCK.
1527079	2Weeks oflighly bleeding. Back pain some cramps. Started Depo-Provera shot 2months ago is its side effects?	Possibly Considering you had the Depo Provera shot 2 months ago and you weren't pregnant prior it is common to have an irregular, heavy, erratic period. Should you have more concern your doctor can check your urine and examine you for more appropriate measures. Good luck
1132133	During my period, i get shortness of breath, fatigue, and heart palpitations during exercise. Is this normal? It's very scary.	Not normal One should not have those symptoms at your age during a period or during exercise. Schedule a visit for an evaluation. You may need to start with a primary care doctor.
651415	I've been on Depo-Provera for a year now my period stop about 2 months when i first getting on the shot and about a month ago had cramps now brown blood ?	common This is very normal after being on the depo for a while. Most women will experience some slightly irregular spotting or bleeding. However it doesn't mean that it's not working.
1007453	I'm 3 months after ACL reconstruction surgery using a hamstring graft and sometimes my knee pops. It's never painful, but maybe uncomfortable?	Could be.... A few things. Probably has nothing to do with the graft. Could be your knee cap slipping, could be residual instability or weakness related to the rconstruction. Could be inflammation of the joint, could be meniscal symptoms. If it persists certainly see your surgeon.
1358783	32 weeks pregnant. having severe swelling in both feet but always more in my right than left, extreme pelvic and hip pain also. normal?	Positional It's not unusual to get more swelling on one side, due to the position of the baby's head. When you swell, you want to lay down, preferably on your left side, and elevate your feet. You also want to drink lots of water to flush your kidneys.
1599640	Monday I was told I had a middle ear infection and was put on Amoxicillin following my eardrum ruptured now I'm on ofloxacin should my ear be clogged?	No For ear infection with ruptured ear drum ,you need both -amoxicillin as wells ofloxacin as complete treatment . .Ofloxacin acts locally to clear infection .It does not clog the rears but clears the secretion in the ear .
1231625	I have joint and muscle pain around  knees and elbows and now hands, rf-esr-crp negative and CBC normal, no swelling no inflamation , what could it be?	Many possibilities Your pain could be as a result of many different things. A thorough history and physical exam and possibly some laboratory and radiology exams are needed to determine the exact cause. Causes of pain may include: trauma (fracture, tendon or ligamentous tear, arthritis), infection, metabolic conditions (gout), musculoskeletal or biomechanical abnormalities.
1231998	Symptoms: internal lumps along left side of neck (swollen, slightly painful to touch), drowsiness/fatigue, swelling in face, no fever or sore throat?	Glands I cannot tell by your symptoms alone without examining you. But the first thing that comes to mind is possibly mono. But there are many other possibilities so i would suggest you see you doctor.
1597909	Sick for about a week. Began with stomach pain/pressure upper abdomen. Went away. Then sore throat, aches, chilling, chest congestion, itchy all over?	Mostly likely viral But if the problem persists for another week or gets wors/intolerable , see doctor. Try antihistamine for itching.
846818	What if i was a past carrier of MRSA staph infection will it make me fail a TB test?	Yes If you skin is sensitive, your physician may be able to manage you on an oral or non-irritating topical antibiotic.
946162	I am worried about cancer due to radiation because I have had 4 brain CT scans in a year.Plus a heart CT before brain surgery.Plus 3 contrast dyes.	Your cancer risk is Though there is some data that exposure to ct radiation may cause cancer in some individuals. The exposure has to be substantialy prolonged to allow the cumulative dosage to have cancerogenec effect.
84600	I have staph/suspected MRSA on neck..Its covered, treated w meds topical n oral...C as n child sleep in same bed if I lysol sheets before?	Posibly If infected wound healed - ( no discharge of pus) and sheets had been properly washed ( preferencial is haushold bleech) - most likeli it is safe to sleep in pone bed. But also depends on age of the child and immune status ( if hea;lthy over age 2 ok). In general it is not recommended to "co-sleep" menas share bed with children.
1230573	I have not too bad acne, usually only breakouts a couple times month but it's usually cystic acne. Would a dermatologist still prescribe me isotrenin?	No Isotretinoin is reserved for the most severe acne. There are a number of other treatments available for the kind of outbreaks you described. An experienced medical dermatologist is your best choice to provide you the correct options.
276224	I have thick brownish colored discharge for a few days and some pains and my period was two weeks ago. I'm on the pill/sexually active what is this?	Spotting On bc pill spotting is common. If it persists for several cycles see a healt practitioner to change the pllls.
1478332	Sore, painful, itchy, red and swollen armpits. Use same thing everyday, good body hygiene. What can I do other than go doctors? 21Yrs, Female.	Irritated axillae Something is irritating your skin. An applied substance may be the culprit. Yeast can sprout there. Pores can plug. Try this - wash twice daily with antibacterial soap. Dry well. Air dry too. No deodorants. Use small amounts baby powder.
6687712	Random heavy bleeding during ovulation. Today has been day 4. All labs came back normal. My periods are regular and just had one the end of march help?	Track over time Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1500445	I took sudfed about hours ago can I take some nyquil for tonight to help me sleep?	Sleep Why? You have not told us anything about yourself, not even your age or medical history or medications or what your symptoms are and why you are taking the sudafed and nyquil. You are probably congested but we dont know what else is going on. I would not recommend taking those medications so close together. The more info you share with us, the more useful the response will be.
6651164	I have trouble breathing,tingling of hands and feet,dizziness,cold hands and feet,tired,light headed on laughing hard and stomach muscle pain?	Hyperventilating The sensation of difficulty breathing, tingling fingers, And feeling light headed can be symptoms of hyperventilating. However, this does not usually happen with laughing and cause pain in the stomach muscles. Try breathing into a paper bag when you are having symptoms. If it is hyperventilation, this will make it better. Hope this helps. If not, you need to see your PCP.
6627236	I have yellow top palate towards back of mouth with cold/burning on off sore throat sensation. Does not hurt to swallow food.Some mucus of a morning. ?	Throat burning Most likely either postnasal drip or reflux. Consider elevating the head of bed, zyrtec before bedtime to decrease discharge, check for allergens . Treatment of reflux with either PPIs ( omeprazole) or H2 blockers ( ranitidine). For reflux avoid alcohol, smoking, caffeine, spicy foods. f/u wiht doctor
901769	What meds can cause skeletal muscle cramps? (am on betablocker, cymbalta, lyrica, nexium, celebrex, and vitamin supplements)	Beta blocker http://www.mayoclinic.org/medical-edge-newspaper-2012/apr.13a.html.
6794239	Can ceftriaxone cause anaphylactic shock despite that it is used time and again already?	Yes, but Kind of rare still, you need to avoid the medicine and cephalosporins for now, the diagnosis should be revised and analyzed, some detective work need to be performed to make sure that it was truly the ceftriaxone that caused the reaction and not something else. A note of allergies on the patient's chart should be flagged till sorted out, good luck
750653	What does it mean if a urine sample shows nitrates, blood and protein in it, but no infection? I am 49 and haven't had a period in 4 months	UTI Having positive nitrites is usually associated with uti. If you had cultures done, they could be influenced if you were on antibiotics. Most docs would have treated you based on the dipstick alone.
750651	Small hard red bump on inner side of my lower leg for close to two years. No pain or itching. It's about the same size as pimple or ingrown hair.	Dermatofibroma This is most likely diagnosis but see your md or dermatologist for a more accurate diagnosis and suggested treatment.
6748186	I have constant pressure on the side of my neck. Also tension on the back of my head with dizziness. The pain has been there for months now the dizziness started within the week.	Neck distress Muscle tension in the neck or back of the scalp can be caused by chronic stress or a strain. Dizziness in the form of lightheadedness may be related or could be due to other factors such as inner ear disorder,low blood pressure,anemia,etc. See your physician for an examination and perhaps a referral for stress management therapy will be made after his/her assessment rules out other problems.
6786747	My 7 y/o 56lb son has sore throat,stomach,& chest pain,fever. Has asthma. Gave br.teatment, made fever break.what causes these sx? Allergic 2 flu shot	Mgt I would suggest having a flu test to confirm influenza. I would advise a course of anti influenza medication, since he may have the flu. Asthmatics are prone to worsening with this viral illness. If the breathing treatments are not helping a course of steroids may be used.
1511718	Why am I cramping Nd feeling bloated with sore breast Nd my period is not due and neg preg test??	Bleeding too? DUB. You may have symptoms of DUB - dysfunctional uterine bleeding caused by prolonged elevation of estrogen hormones in the blood stream because the ovary did not release an egg. Have you had spotting or even passed clots? Does it feel like this bleeding might be about to start? See your GYNE clinician to find if DUB is the problem. Hope that helps.
6671210	Foot pain center of ball of foot. Sharp concentration of pain similar to heel spur I had a decade ago but bizarre place. No callous or outward sign. ?	Why bizarre? Possible neuroma. .....
711983	Can a car accident cause atrial fibrillation in your heart?	Atrial fib Yes but usually not persistent atrial fib unless you have that tendency anyway.
1421736	I have a painful centercide or mosquitto bite on my leg. Can I take prednisone 20mg and Augmentin 1g together? Can I add chlorphenamine tablets too?	Staph infection Until your doctor rules it out you should consider that your sores with abscesses need urgent medical attention to save your life. The antibiotics you mention would not treat the common epidemic of dangerous staph infection. Go to the hospital now. Please.
508355	When i think of sexual stuff or look at women with sexual intentions her body figure, i immediately get a erection with leakage of semen in my pants !?	Normal It is normal to get an erection with arrousal. In the beginning of this process there is often a small amount of semen that is expressed.
6790768	I have had this painful unilateral headache behind my eye since 5am and on R. side of head. Why does my Head feel sore too? Made worse by movement	Sound like spasm Unilateral headache usually are migraine like . But they do not get worst by movement all the time . So my first guess is migraine , the second it could be unilateral muscle spasm . Either way you need to see a doctor for that
6695682	I am having chest congestion, sore throat, nasal congestion. I have high blood pressure and graves disease.	Avoid decongestants Because of your high blood pressure, try saline nasal wash and salt water gargles, rest and fluids, OTC meds that don't contain decongestants, if not bette, please see your doctor
310302	I just got rid of flu, and no my throat feels swollen and it hurts, i keep coughing and have to hold my ribs because am in pain ribs and back, help?	Possibilities.... The residual cough could be due to bronchospasm now that the acute infection is over. The sore throat could be related to the cough as well as the rib pain, which could be from rib bruise, cartilage inflammation, muscle strain or even rib fracture. Regardless, this pain should resolve once the cough is gone. See your doctor since the cough can be treated with prescription inhalers.
6785095	I've a swollen lymph node in my neck for some time now, my doc says it's nothing but I'm starting to worry as sometimes I get shoulder and ear pain?	Enlarged lymph nodes are almost always caused by an infection. It is probably not related to shoulder pain. Ear pain might be occult infection. However, if your doctor says it is nothing, most likely it is just that. If it persists or worsens, consult your doctor again.
6785096	I have had a persistent itchy, burning rash of about 20 or so red pimples on my inner upper arm for over a month. Antihistamines not helping. Help?	See dermatologist A cluster of red pimples that itch and burn on one side of the body sounds like shingles but a month sounds a bit long. Time to get checked out.
890050	Consant feelin of chokeing/swollen throat when i eat barely eating. See doc in week anything i can do to maybe help my throat/tongue not feel swollen?	Certain foods? You mention a constant choking feeling when you eat. Is it with certain foods or all the time? This is a complicated problem that requires physician intervention. Glad you have an appointment. Best to have a professional look at it.
6655263	Throat and tonsils  swollen  very painful talking funny stuffy nose swollen glands but I don't see white spots on tonsils tonsillitis? Or strep	See physician your condition requires a strept test and likely a course of antibiotics, you need to see a physician or make a paid consultation through healthtap
119772	What to do with coughing and wheezing with asthma, after already on ventolin?	Treatment... You would need to add a steroid inhaler to your albuterol regimen especially if you still have asthma symptoms while taking albuterol. See your doctor so your need for additional therapy can be evaluated.
6699193	Really hurts to swallow on the right side . Under the back of my tongue , down my throat and there is a little pressure in ear ?	Throat infection You can have a strep sorethroat, rapid strep screen can detect this. On examination you may have infectious mono, herpeslabialis, The ear is affected due to their interconnecting plumbing so to speak.You need to see a doctor, your primary care physician should be able to handle this.
1451532	I am in the last week 40of pregnancy and today my pressure is high and beginning of urine albumin can i get birth naturally ?is there any risk ?	Wk 40 pregnant, HTN If pregnant , call your doctor immediately (now) and let them know your blood pressure is high. and microalbunemia, The most important thing is having healthy baby without any complications to the baby. CALL THE DOCTOR IMMEDIATELY.
1348809	Neuro exam,EMG, MRI of brain normal.  No spinal MRI done.  Weak, shaky legs and dizzy a lot.  Off balance.  Fatigue, fascilations. MS? GAD?Neuro?	Neuro eval Looks like you need a good Neuro consult. You may need a spinal MRI and/ or an emg/NCS, though this should be coordinated through a specialists office after a complete review of you symptoms, examination, and testing to date. I hope you get some answers soon
277178	What causes burning, bright red, itching tops of the hands and feet  with no rash?	Allergy May have an allergy to food or medication. I suggest you see your dr.
341610	Price for breast lumpectomy vs a mastectomy?	Varies Depends on the size of the breast and how extensive the surgery is, but in general lumpectomy is a simpler operation so usually cheaper, however, you also have to take into consideration the need for reconstruction if the breast becomes much smaller and the other breast needs to be reduced. Same for reconstruction need after mastectomy.
852801	Can taking a bath after sex prevent yeast infections?	No No it will not.
1525221	Pressure headache, fever, chills, post nasal drip, sore throat, cramping, dizzy, light pink spotting off and on, smally urine?	Viral sounds like a virus or the flu but with the smelly urine you should get checked out. The smell may be from dehydration but make sure you are drinking enough fluids
349447	I had carpal tunnel surgery on both hands. I am in my 8th week recovering. I still feel very sore at the base of my hand. Is this normal?	Can be Other things such as arthritis at th base of the thumb, or irritation from prolonged dependency on splints may be suspect as well.
1575839	I have a cough, swollen tonsils, white patches on back of tongue near tonsils. neg. strep test after sore throat 3 wks ago, took penicillin. ?	Tonsil May have a PCN resistant bacteria or a secondary yeast infection.
688324	Low grade fever stomach cramps vomiting diarrhea.  No shakes or headache. Got drunk on friday and saturday. Symptoms started last night. Alcohol w/d?	It's possible The longer you have been having episodes of drinkking enough to be drunk, the more likely you are to have alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Perhaps it is flu symptoms, but if these symptoms have occurred more than once after a binge, i suspect they are withdrawal symptoms.
1289426	I packed a hand wound with paper and now it's gone. Hand is swollen (size of an egg) lots of pain, red, and tender. Should i go to urgent care or er?	Er now Workup available at urgent care limited as are treatment options. Go get looked at in er before this gets worse!
250865	What are good cardio workouts after a knee dislocation?	Knee or kneecap ? Either way you should receive professional and individual monitoring. Good cardio would include low impact with limited flexing and extending as dictated by the severity of your injury and the amount of healing you have experienced. Cycling, swimming, elliptical and treadmill would all work as long as you do not exceed the degree of healing you have experienced.
1579322	I have electric shocks going thru my chest & neck every hour, heart palpitations, fatigue, cold sweats & unexplained crying outbursts lately?	? Menopausal if you are peri menopausal then these symptoms may be related to hormonal shifts - esp the palpitations, sweats, emotional outbursts. Nevertheless you should get a thorough check up by a health care professional. All the best to you!
931961	If semen gets in the lips of the vagina, will a girl get pregnant?	It is possible Having semen enter the opening of the vagina can result in pregnancy, though the probability is somewhat low.
1169802	For dr's convenience he gave me shots to delay my ovulation for 2 days.I had iui&he gave progesterone's. Nw periods r delayd for 2 days.Am i pregnant?	Certainly possible It is possible to be pregnant if your cycle is delayed, but it is also possible that the delay is caused by the progesterone. I would see your infertility doctor for a pregnancy test if the cycle is delayed more that 3 or 4 days.
1077051	I've had grade 3 inverted nipples ever since i developed breasts which was age 12 is this serious and should I see a doctor or is this normal.	Normal This is not a concern unless it's accompanied by other developmental anomalies--such as absence of periods or pubic hair.
408333	Not feeling very well .. Blood pressure is 145/105 and my chest feels weird head hurts.. Can i be having a stroke or heart attack. Blood pressure fluctuates between 170 /102 to todays 145/105..	Seek Seek care immediately in an emergency room.
1342401	Can you tell me how to keep from getting carpal tunnel in my mouse arm/wrist?	Ergonomics They make a variety of ergonomic mouses (mice?). Here's a helpful website: http://ergo.human.cornell.edu/cumousetips.html
810782	36f w/ palpitations/dizziness/fatigue before having bm. What could be the cause? Ekg, stress echo normal except pfo. No meds or other sign. Pmhx.	Autonomic system Abnormal activity of the autonomic nervous system can cause dizziness, palpitaitons, chronic fatigue. It typically is not a priamry heart proble. Another association can be pots. (postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome). Discuss with your doctor about diet/exercise/medications that can help.
329621	8 days after a light period which was 8 days late my breasts are still swollen an very sore, cramping/aching . Can't be pregnant as two tests thevday after period was due were negative but why my breasts so big an sore after my period?	Fibrocystic If you have fibrocystic breasts you may have swelling during your period. That can cause discomfort. Avoid caffeine because it causes worsening of fibrocystic disease.
1390666	Diarrhea metallic taste in my mouth,  horrible stomach pain and cramping. Belching and bad headache. Going on for 5 hrs. what shd I take to feel good?	Stomach flu is the second most common illness kids get, after common cold. the common symptoms are vomiting, diarrhea, and/or fever. the condition usually last 4-8 days. Good rest, lots of fluids and Tylenol OTC for pain management will help your girl to recover. If concerned call your doctor for evaluation and treatment.
675316	I have severe abdomen pain/bloating along with rectal pain and pressure. Had CT that showed mild messentary stranding. Pain is worsening. Any ideas?	Nonspecific Mesenteric stranding can be seen as a result of spread of infection from adjacent bowel (diverticulitis/inflammatory bowel disease/appendicitis), fibrosis (scarring) from previous infection/inflammation, spread of bowel tumor into the mesentery, an unexplained process called sclerosing mesenteritis, and other causes. Consider seeing a GI doctor.
675310	My period is 8 days late and my breast are extremely sore and swollen. I have been urinating a lot but neg hpt. Could i be pregnant ?	Irregular period is Common , if u think u r pregnant u can do home pregnancy test , otherwise see a gynecologist for evaluation.
735915	What do you take if you are allergic to all statins and have a genetic problem with cholesterol?	Need Consultation Ask you cardiologist doctor. Sometimes they may suggest a medically purified fish oil like Lovaza or maybe phytomega from melaleuca or maybe a combination of both together.
674304	Im 30, with 21 degrees off alignment knee, what are my options other than osteotomy and full knee replacement , surgery is ok what options are there?	That's all That is a very large deformity. Total knee and osteotomy are the only surgical options to correct your deformity.
6637436	Ive been have pain/ discomfort in right upper abdomen by ribs that radiate to the side .burning sensation under my skin othrt times its cramp like. I also have intermittent discomfort in right shoulder blade.  Dr thought it was gallbladder.  Ultrasound sh	It depends There are many possible causes. An irritation of a nerve in the thoracic pain can cause pain to radiate around one side of the trunk. A gallbladder problem can cause pain radiating into the right side as can a lung and kidney problem. A detailed exam and appropriate studies can usually tell the cause. Consider being checked. Thank you for the question.
6678098	I've done Crossfit for the last two months. Without pain I hear two minor cracks from my right knee while squatting. Any recommendations for me?	Depends on If it's painful or not. We often have popping of our joints that benign ... think about your knuckles cracking. This benign popping is often felt to be related to "cavitation". If you have a pain, it's a different story. It could be related to degenerative changes, meniscal injuries or chondromalcia patella. If painful, consider getting it looked at, and avoid deep, heavy loaded knee bends.
1605637	I missed two periods, then I recently had one, and now my discharge smells like ammonia. There is excessive discharge. I am for sure not pregnant because I am a lesbian, and we both tested negative for any STDs. I am so confused. Please help.	Don't worry Everything is normal. ...as long as you both are monogamous and your equipments are single user and bacteriologically clean. It can be a simple vaginitis/Urethritis/combo.
1058339	Is it possible for you to take zyrtec and Benadryl in the same day?	Yes you can You can take both medications at the same time providing that you follow the recommended otc doses.
582166	I got my rt ovary and fallopian tube removed 4 weeks ago today, since then I have extremely sore bowel movements and I am not passing urine the same?	Swelling This is probably due to edema (swelling) from your recent surgery. This should pass over the next few weeks. If not, you should see your gynecologist, and possibly a urologist.
6784873	Headaches, vision problem in left eye, dizziness, severe fatigue, memory loss, speech problem, clumsiness, etc. What could this be?	Get checked out... .. by a healthcare professional right away. Your symptoms are not specific to any one condition but all of them together can mean certain bad things. make sure you are not ingesting any new substances or medications which could explain these symptoms. Go see a doctor ASAP.
6641791	Took clomid on day 2 of my cycle and on day 14 I had severe cramps on the left side of my abdomen and my breast feels sore, what could be the reason?	Clomid You may want to speak with the doctor who prescribe the medication and also get a pregnancy test done.
535329	I have a tingling numb feeling in my left four fingers. Is this a sign of a heart attack?	Usually not The arm discomfort associated with cardiac issues is mostly present on the inner part of the upper left arm. It is also not usually present as an isolated symptom. That said, if you are concerned, it's best to talk with your doctor and review your risk factors for heart disease.
1466517	Wy is Benadryl more effective for hives than Allegra?	Not always the case yes benadryl is an effective medicine and stood the test of time, but different patients respond differently to different medications
6771707	Ive have swollen lymph odes in my neck for over a month now. I've seen two doctors and done blood tests. What could be he cause? I have been stressed a lot lately and have two kids, so I don't get the sleep I should. But they said my blood tests were norm	Continue next steps Keep talking with those doctors as blood test may not reveal the cause of the enlarged neck nodes. Additional examination for possible local inflammatory condition in your body, may be needed and if no obvious cause, by the third month, you may need lymph node biopsy. Benign causes still exceed cancerous causes and hematology and pathology consults may be useful. Do not worry, most arre treatable.
1466040	What causes a feeling of pressure where the sternum meets the collarbone?  Right in the center at the base of the neck. PCP says heart ok.	Heartburn For you, two likely candidates. It may be your heartburn. You are on a medicine for this, but maybe it is not controlling it adequately. Look at your diet, consider increasing to twice a day (pantoprazole) for a few days. If not that, maybe it is anxiety acting up (lump in the throat) and maybe your zoloft is not at the proper dose.
1396055	Ultrascanning abdomen report says - retroverted bulky uterus with thickened endometrium, left simple functional ovarian cyst. What does this mean?	See GYN The thickening of the endometrium (lining of the uterus) needs to be checked out. Usually the doctor will do an endometrial biopsy to see if the cells are normal or abnormal. A functional ovarian cyst is nothing to be concerned about and is just related to ovulation usually.
1436409	Getting electric shocks in my spine, dizziness, memory loss and pins and needles in hands , quite worried any ideas?	Evaluation You should go to emergency room or urgent care clinic for evaluation.
1471916	Doc told me 2day my test result came back (+) for chlamydia. I always use condoms! No symptoms? Except pink tongue & red dots @ tip but not bumps???	Not sure of test and... oral sex can transmit chlamydia. http://sti.bmj.com/content/74/2/95.long it often has zero symptoms. Some tests (antibody) mean you were infected anytime in the past and organisms might or might not be present and infectious right now. Others (DNA) show some organisms right now that ought to be treated.
400544	Can arthritis cause a burning pain and make the joint sore off and on? I slightly broke a finger by shutting it in a car door about three months ago.  Since then it has gone through spells of burning pain, sore pain, and no pain.  I am no longer able to p	Three Three months after an injury to a finger joint there can still be pain and swelling at times. The key is that at themes you have no pain. Try to see when that is and what you can do to prolong that. Though post injury joints and arthritic pint may share some symptoms, it is unusual to had arthritis in a joint after an injury that heals well at three months after the injury. Even if you had an particular injury that was misaligned and it led to arthritis years form now, three mnths is too early, still what is it that we treat for arthritis in a small joint of the finger?...Pain swelling and stiffness , so if you have those symptoms you can treat it has if there is early arthritis motion, helped by heat, if stiffness is a problem especially for early morning stiffness and after inactivity ice for a swollen joint that has done too much anti inflammatories coban or a similar compressive wrap for swelling but not too much as it will add stiffness exercises for range motion a hand surgeon and a hand therapist can help.
1126843	Are people with a vast number of moles at risk of skin cancer?	Moles Moles can turn to cancers. You should keep checking your moles for any that change, grow, get different colors, or new moles. Let your doctor do a skin exam at least once a year.
616876	I have had this pounding headache for the last week.  It has been accompanied by nausea and vomitting x 1 week. I am having severe pelvic pain?	See below Sounds like a migraine event, but not sure how to relate to pelvic pain. Would suggest both be assessed by your doctor as treatment for the headache at least should be relatively successful.
1442726	Left side chest cramp. Ache in fingers on both hands. Random twinges of arm pain. Good EKG, heart enzymes, and chest xray 3weeks ago. Heart issue?	Likely not Your age and symptoms do not correlate well with a heart attack or coronary artery disease. It is likely muscular.
1432313	Vertigo,Dizziness,weakness, Fatigue, Cognitive impairment, Vision problems, Urinary Problems,numbness/itching senasation. Im 17 some come and go Help?	Too complicated These symptoms are so varied, vague and nonspecific, that it's impossible to provide any help in this format. If you are worried, the only way to know if you have something serious is to see a doctor. Good luck.
572626	What kind of bacterial infection can you get through vagina by having sex, thats not staph and not a std.	There are There are several gram negative bacteria that could cause problems. See your doctor to discuss therapy.
85108	21 yr old female. Achy lumpy left breast with back pain. Could this be related? Cancer? Started period last friday, off now. Cancer? Doc next thursday	Probably not It's very unusual to get breast cancer at 21. However it is common to have achy breasts associated with menstrual cycle. Point out the lump you feel to the doctor you are seeing and follow his/her guidance. Avoid all caffeine and you can take anti inflammatory over the counter medication.
1548708	Was supposed to start my period yesterday, ran a marathon,breast sore all week,minor cramps and discharge. Negative preg test. What is going on?	Vigorous exercise like running a marathon can disrupt the menstrual cycle.
553985	Current BP of 99/64, pulse 66. Extreme lethargy, dizziness, headache, nausea & vomiting.  01/02 loss of consciousness driving. Clear catheter ablation?	See below These symptoms are life-threatening and need to be evaluated as soon as possible. Call your doctor and meet him/her in the emergency room.
1596082	3 days of stomach pain, and chills on and off, severe nausea but I have not puked nor had diahrrea yet, still sipping water, could this be the flu?	Could be flu For nausea, try ginger--either as capsules, tea, or just chew on the ginger.
1390909	Sore throat with earache several days, that better now dizzy at times and nausea?	Inner ear infection You could have an inner ear infection if you are experiencing dizziness and nausea. If an ear infection isn't treated properly the infection can spread. One of the balance systems in your body is located close to your ear canal and can get infected. I would have a doctor exam you.
1441631	I was told that I have a Kidney stone. Was kept in hospital for observation. Moderate pain in upper left abdoman. Not much change. When will it pass?	Kidney stone It is not possible to determine how quickly a stone will pass. It depends on many factors such as the size and how well hydrated you are. Hopefully Flomax was prescribed that speeds up the passage if the stone. Remain well hydrated and make sure you flow up with a urologist. Good luck!
1527851	2 days ago I got what looks like a rash on the head of my penis it itches like crazy me and my girlfriend have no STD of any kind any thoughts?	Rash Both be checked by your physician and have cultures if necessary. Your doctor may be able to diagnose your problem from an exam. Your symptoms sound suspicious for a yeast infection. All the best sorting this out.
6720998	Ive recently had a uti and blood in my urine the doctor described antibiotics. Im now experiencing bad pain in my right lower back, buttocks & leg?	Kidney infection? Urinary tract infections are either simple bladder or complex kidney infections. Maybe your bacteria are resistant to antibiotic so infection spread. Go back to see your GP. Ask for urine culture & sensitivity (American phrase) to identify specific bacteria & appropriate antibiotic. Or pain may be unrelated but still needs to be evaluated.
1457023	I'm infected by either chlamydia or gonorrhea and have penile discharge.but why does the discharge happens only during sleep?	Here are some ... Combining the info from another Q, what you experienced & described may be the normal phenomenon for you. Seeing clear penile discharge at sexual arousal is the expected excretion, called pre-cum from Cowper's glands; that is normal. And the discharge from urethritis (GU or NGU) may appear throughout 24 hrs or only at night for a longer time during sleep allows scant discharge to be seen.
1472469	Sore dry throat ,hard to swallow and cough.  Pain behind ears.  Doc says he not  sure what it is but he ruled out sinus Infection.	?pharyngitis Could be a throat infection with painful enlarged lymph nodes and some tracheaitis. Could be viral.rest fluids ,warm saline gargles,Tylenol May help.
1140837	I got the Depo-Provera shot for birth control and my period has been on for a month , will estrogen pills help stop it?	Might but see Dr.,,, Excessive menstrual bleeding can occur with depo shots and iron supplements are important to have to help remedy anemia. Estrogen may help as they can offset the Progesterone in the depo shot but it's wise to see your doctor for the best way to do it. Best of luck.
940391	My husband has a red blotchy rash on both his inner thigh near the groin area. It is very itchy?	Jock Itch? He could see his physician or dermatologist who can confirm if this is from tinea cruris which is a fungal infection that tends to hit the skin in the groin area and between the legs.
976497	Could a yeast infection or BV cause a late or missed period?	I will answer the Part of the question I am knowledgable ; refer question to a gynecologist. Yeast should not cause a late or missed period.
6689254	I have almost ended my period but my vagina seems to be very itchy recently. There is no discharge or a funky smell. Just the itching. Any idea of what it could be? 
I feel like it could be this soap I have been using the past 2 days since it always cause	Itchy vagina May be the soap , stop the soap and try an oatmeal ( Aveeno bath), if that does not help f/u with doctor urgent care may be yeast infection rarely trichamonas. or other infection Eat y=active culture yogurt changes the flora.
29257	How long could it take swelling in leg to go down after DVT diagnosis and warfarin started?	Secondary lymphedema The swelling is caused by secondary lymphedema if you see a lymphedema therapist who can do manual lymph drainage and complex decongestive therapy - a special wrapping of legs swelling will go away within a week.
1335170	My bf has a perfect bald circle maybe 3-4 in diameter. Will not grow hair back in that spot. Any ideas on what it could be?	Alopecia areata Will grow back in time. May be many months. Avoid rubbing too much. Can try minoxidil. Clobetasol gel (prescription) may help. No reliable therapy but will recover in time.
176373	How much is endoscopic sinus surgery?	Sinus surgery Sinus surgery is usually covered by insurance plans, so the out of pocket cost is just your deductible.
1410395	I have a sore throat and now two highly infected wisdom teeth and swollen taste buds ... what is this and what can i do ?	See your primary care doctor or your dentist for confirmation of your suspicions.
37080	What's the relationship between interstitial lung disease and pulmonary fibrosis?	Interchangeable Pulmonary fibrosis is a pathologic description of interstitial lung disease which is a radiographic description of the disease. The terms are used interchangably but not all interstitial lung disease results in pulmonary fibrosis.
6633399	I have a small hard pimple looking bump on the lower part of my outer vagina lip. I shaved and thought it was an ingrown hair. Hard and painless?	Inclusion cyst This may be similar to an ingrown hair and is likely an inclusion cyst. If this should grow, you may want to have it evaluate by your gyne or have it checked at your next exam
309656	Light red almost pink in color spotting. No cramps or sore breast. What does it mean? Period doesn't come yet and I have irregular period.	Irregular cycles Having irregular periods can mean intermittent spotting, which can be light in color (small amount of blood along with a discharge). If there is pain or itching, or if this persists, be sure to get checked out to make sure it is not a vaginal or other infection.
6705871	M 27 yrs old.m sexually active. I have pcos. Its not treated. Its been three months i got my period. Past two weeks i hv brown discharge and achne .	Do pregnancy test Do a home pregnancy test. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully. Alternatively you could see your doctor for a blood test that may be more useful. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time. You may consider implanted contraceptive, or IUD. Practice safe sex.
384717	I had an allergic reaction to some vaginal anti-itch cream and I have no clue what to do! my skin is peeling off down there around the area, my clitoris is swollen, it itches, and it hurts so much during sex. I've had a yeast infection before and this doe	Try Try over the counter oral Benadryl for the itching and inflammation. There is a chance you may be dealing with an infectious process versus an allergic reaction. An anti-fungal vaginal cream is not a bad idea since your symptoms are consistent with a yeast infection although they are different from what you experienced before. You should be evaluated by your doctor if your symptoms worsen or persist. If it is a severe allergic reaction then a short course of steroids is in order; your doctor will be able to make a diagnosis and give appropriate treatment. Good luck.
960620	Swollen glands and red throat the and the amoxicillin didn't help so the doctor just gave me a stonger one but no test was done he just said infection?	May be viral You may just have a viral infection which is not treated by antibiotics, only supportive care and time. But you may also have a bacterial infection that wasn't sensitive to the amoxicillin.
6639824	Stomach cramps, vomiting, nausea, dry mouth, diarrhea. Can this be food poisoning?	Yes, It may also be seasonal flu. Get plenty of rest, keep fever down and keep fluid intake up.
76796	Why around my period does my outer labia itch, get red and afterwards start to peel like sunburn? No abnormal discharge. Use always brand pads. Help!	Many possibilities This could be many things, includin normal increase in blood flow around menses. However, if your doctor could examine you when this is flared-up it would help. Allergic reactions to pads is still a possibility, as is something like a yeast infection on the skin.
938484	Have lower abdominal cramping occasional bloody diarrhea also constipation i feel like when I have a bowel movement it doesn't all come out very tired?	Get checked You should go in to be evaluated. This combination of symptoms could be serious if left untreated.
1437074	Dark purple spot on front of knee with tiny hard bump under it. Did not hit it and it isn't a bite. Is it a sign of a dvt?	Unlikely The deep veins do not run in the area you describe. Purple is frequently a bruise-? Any other illnesses or bruising tendency? Commonly we forget a minor trauma?
557272	25f have back pain most days and now my arms/hand/fingers are hurting/tingling/numb, headaches too!	Ok, let's see, do u Sleep well at night? Clinch or grind teeth at night? Wake up with your hands numb? Is pain in lower, upper or mid back? Was there an injury? Any medical problems. One thing to consider is hand splints at night in case it's carpal tunnell syndrome. Folate deficiency is a rare source. The hand and arm pain may be seperate or relegated to back and headaches. Let's do private conv. If this fits u.
550951	I have had a cold for over a week now the cough is continuous and the congestion in my nose and chest is driving me crazy. The mucus is clear f?	Sounds viral Use over the counter meds for symptomatic relief. Nasal decongestant - maybe phenylephrine- and an expectorant - maybe guaifenesin. If your symptoms take a turn for the worse see your doc to consider bacterial superinfection.
727207	Bochdalek suegery. Stomach moved from chest cavity into abdomen, leaving a scar from chest to abdomen. How long before i can do abdominal exercises?	Usually 6 weeks But consult with your surgeon first.
1354644	A case had white thick vaginal discharges with itching and pain. She developed many small lumps in the inner vulva. Does it yeast infection?	Good probability of candidiasis would get some terazole7 or monostat cream and try that then see a gynecologist
717722	No period in 1 month and a half had pains everyday around uterus especially during sex. Pregnancy said no a week ago could i be and it not showing up?	Pregnancy Pregnancy test over the counter are very accurate. However, you can be pregnant and the test can be negative if you check too early. You can test when you have missed your menses. In your case if you test again and its negative you can be assured your not pregnant.
620787	Been getting headache for month. Not TMJ as have false teeth, i feel pressure and dizzy and tender head. What could this be?	Could be TMJ While your lack of teeth does not rule out TMJ, I don't see anything in your symptoms that is definitive for TMJ. I'd start with an evaluation from you MD for headaches.
615377	Small patch of itchy bumps on back of neck.At times they feel big.If its hives can I use something besides a prescription ?	Rash You can try topical otc 1% Hydrocortisone cream or topical benadryl. Can also try oral non-sedating antihistamines.
388386	How do doctors test for coronary artery disease? I'm a man in my mid-twenties. Every couple of months, i experience a sharp, shooting pain in the area of my chest that covers my heart. The shooting pain only last for a minute or two, and then is alleviate	The The type of pain you describe is pleuritic in nature. However if you are still concerned, you can follow up with your doctor to have a stress test done. If the stress test is abnormal, then a cardiac catherization can be done. Your age alone would make CAD very unlikely, but not impossible. Additional things to screen for risk factors would include a cholesterol check, blood pressure check, as well as a thorough history and physical by your primary physician. Hope this helps.
1269738	Is a false neg blood hCG possible when done almost 10 weeks since last encounter?If test is neg and vaginal ultrasound shows nothing, sure not preg?	Not pregnant If you are 10 weeks with a neg HCG and neg u/s, you are not pregnant.
537255	I've had a headache in the lower right side behind my head, from ear to top of neck, for three weeks. How can I stop it?! i can't sleep with it	Headache Many things come to mind, from ear infection to muscle spasms to throat to parotid gland, etc. Need to have your family doctor have a look.
1311561	If fever, swollen lymphnodes , sore throat are not due to hiv; negative 15 week, what other STI can cause low grade 5 mon continuous fever?	Sti Herpes , gonorrhea or syphilis can present with fever, sore throat and swollen nodes.
6641250	I feel like a start of an hernia (small lump by the belly button). I do gym and weight lifting. Which training shall I avoid to limit its growth?	Any activity that increases intraabdominal pressure is bad but unfortunately that inckudes sneezing, coughing and stepraining at stool
532974	I've missed my period two months, i'm sexually active, could there be something else besides pregnancy causing this?	Many causes There are many potential reasons for why you could be missing your period related primarily to hormone imbalances such as weight loss or other endocrine disturbances, such as thyroid. See your gynecologist for a history and physical examination and possible lab studies.
1481343	A red bump appeared on the corner of my lip. The next day, the whitehead appeared, when popped the pus came out. Is this a cold sore or pimple?	Pimple most likely From the description this sounds more like a pimple as it built up over time and came to a whitehead before it drained. Cold sores are usually more flat and shallow, moist looking and sting quite a bit. Either way, touch it up with a little Neosporin and avoid sharing kisses with anyone until it heals. See your MD to confirm the diagnosis.
6794531	Took NAAT test for gonorrhea/chlamydia 30 days after low risk exposure and 1 day after single 875mg Augmentin for sinus. Test was negative. Reliable?	Yes, reliable Augmentin could interfere with testing for either gonorrhea or chlamydia, but not this soon. It would take several days of treatment to have any effect. So your negative test is reliable for both gonorrhea and chlamydia.
360141	I was diagnosed with a yeast  infection and chlamydia and i took fluconazole and azithromycin.After taking the meds i had a cloudy discharge is normal?	Infection Not uncommon. A tub or deuche can be helpful after treatment.
344051	I hurt my finger about 2 days ago it's swollen and when i try to close my hand my elbow hurt could I have fractured it?	Yes you could You need to have it checked and only xrays will show if it is broken or not. So see your doctor or go to er.
1117961	Last year i had a kidney removed due to cancer.  Now my feet have a burning and tingling sensation.  They said avoid high blood pressure and diabetes.	Could be diabetes See md, have lab checked.
6626406	Contact dermatitis-rash same for several days. When will it start healing? rash is there for 5 days,still same red itchy swollen. When will it go away	1-2 Weeks Inflammation from a rash can take time to resolve. I would first suggest you remove anything that could be a possible cause of the rash. Once the cause is removed it can take anywhere between a week or two weeks for the inflammatory products to dissipate from your system. Once the inflammatory products are gone then the redness and itchiness should resolve.
1186548	I've had small red dots on the head of my penis for two days. Hardly itchy. Sometimes saw but not painfull. Had unprotected sex but women was clear?	Get checked Although it could be something as simple as just irritation, you don't need to be able to see an std on your partner for them to have one and give it to you. Play this one safe and let your doctor see it this week.
1237733	Can you kill herpes simplex virus by anti bacterial wipes or wet ones after an hour 2 after an encounter? I know lysol does	No This is a myth. The only way to absolutely prevent infection is by abstaining from sexual contact. The next best way is to use latex condoms properly. Even if you wear the condoms properly there is a chance for transmission of the virus is the virus is on an area not covered by the condom.
394125	What is this cranberry colored rash it's just above my left ankle and just to right of the same ankle as well as a few spot up my lower leg and one spot on my right shin. There is no pain, swelling, or itching i thought it might be carpet burn but I've ha	Very Very difficult to tell without a clinical examination. It could be eczema, psoriasis, stasis dermatitis, or many other conditions. I would recommend you see a dermatologist for diagnosis and treatment options. Read a little more about eczema and psoriasis at the link below (including pictures). I hope that helps.
6737014	Swelling on neck r/side and sometimes red , lymph node inlarged for no reason , comes and goes , half of neck swells , what could it be ? Worried...	Not normal Not normal. At your age, could be something to worry about. See ENT doc ASAP for evaluation/recommendations.
1119728	I have a dry cough, somewhat of a sore throat and i've lost my voice. It's been 4 days now since i lost my voice. Should i go see a doctor?	Viral infection The combination of sore throat, hoarseness, and dry cough are almost always due to a viral infection and antibiotics are not effective for these infections. If symptoms persist a throat and chest exam along with a throat culture would be advisable.
898853	I'm really worried about testicular cancer, my grand-mum had breast cancer so i figured it may run in the family. I have small hard ball attached about a centimeter away from my right testicle. Is it an epidemial cyst?	Get checked... The best way to know for sure is to get checked by your physician. An ultrasound and biopsy may be needed if there's any doubt. If it is a cancer, the sooner it's caught and treated, the better your outcome is likely to be.
6778937	I used metro gel for bv and noticed white clumpy discharge soon after finishing. I assumed it was a yeast infection because I've had these in the past and read this was a side effect. I bought over the counter monistat 1. I'm on day 2 and still have white	Probably not yeast The main symptom of vaginal yeast is itching or irritation, not discharge -- and a little "white clumpy discharge" isn't necessarily abnormal. So my best guess is that you didn't have a yeast infection, which is why the Monistat isn't making any difference. Stop all treatment for several days, then see a doctor for if you believe discharge still is abnormal. And no sex in the meantime. Good luck!
548779	I have breast cancer, can I do a sentinal lymph node biopsy before i decide on which procedure to do (lumpectomy or mastectomy)?	Sentinel Lymph Node It doesn't make much sense to do a sentinel lymph node biopsy before surgery. The sentinel lymph node biopsy is done at the same time as your surgery in order to stage the tumor. The top priority here is to get your tumor out. Hopefully your surgeon would have explained to you that there is no difference in survival or cancer recurrence whether you choose mastectomy or lumpectomy as your treatment.
1541395	Why is my penis itchy? I thought I had an STD so I went to get checked and came back negative. The itch isnt constantly only sometimes I have no rash.	Itchy penis Usually STD is gonorrhea and chlamydia. But there are other organisms that can be passed between partners. Both yeast ( can try OTC clortimazole) , trichamonas cause itching.Other organisms are mycoplasma, ureoplasma, BV. Aloscheck blood sugar as diabetes can trigger yeast infections. Discuss with doctor urgent care
92578	Having lump in throat or throat tightness sensation (not in the heart) sometimes in p.E. At school. What might be causing it?	Globus sensation You described "globus"--a situational lump or ball sensation in the throat. Correlation with p.E. Classes raises the probability that stress is the key here. Other entities to consider: cricopharyngeal achalasia (a tight upper esophageal sphincter), oro-pharyngeal dysphagia due to dysmotility, atypical gerd, local ulceration, extrinsic impression on the esophagus, ENT pathology, c-spine arthritis.
1541399	Supposedly have pinched nerves in back (per EMG + NCV): L4-L5 and S1-S2. Nothing shows up on MRI. What kinds of surgery might fix this? PT + inj. fail	If no spot on the MRI, then surgery is NOT indicated. Indeed, would be impossible to say where to do surgery and what to cut. Might mention that 50% of those with pain that seems like a disk do NOT have one on MRI.
1578667	I was woke up this morning with stomach pains kinda like contractions I had this before and I was pregnant.But I'm on Depo-Provera no cycle in two years ?	Cramping can be from a lot of things . Periumbilical cramping would be small intestinal cramping and off time is related to physical environmental or emotional stressors. This can be something you have eaten or are sensitive to. This can also be a result of viral illness or simple emotional stress being internalized. Normally this will pass with a few days and I would suggest some clear fluids with a little sugar such as Kool-Aid, Gatorade or popsicles for a few days. These objects are pretty easy on your intestines.
1521242	My period missed two times..I took two pregnancy tests and they came negative. I have lower back and abdominal pain and I am urinating more frequent..	Check a Urine Have your doctor check a urine more for an infection. Otherwise they will be able to provide more info with a formal assessment. Good luck
50309	Most of the times when I scratch myself or I just pluck my eyebrows , my skin gets red bumps & itches?	Local mast cell Local tissues release gets exposed to blood produces which is irritating to tissue. Which responds with histamine and swells with itching. Try vit e oil or black current seed oil locally let me know if this helped.
717466	Whenever i take ECG doctors said their is variation in that.Also I have high blood pressure.Is this related to any heart prob.	? There is not enough information to answer. It depends on what the variation in your ECG is and what other examinations show.
1547939	Hi, I am on the Depo-Provera shot. I have only had one  shot and the first month I had no period and now I have been bleeding for a month straight. Help me!! ?	Depo Shot The depo shot is not the best birth control method for every patient. Speak to your GYN about this and in the meantime make sure you eat iron rich foods and take a good multivitamin to prevent anemia and problems from the long term bleeding. Good Luck
226549	I'm having tingling and numbness in my hands and feet on a regular basis. Fibromyalgia?	Unlikely Fibromyalgia is a diagnosis of exclusion however you are not listing some important features such as wide spread pain sleep problems or irritable bowel. You describe symptoms with several possible severe causes. So you deserve a careful evaluation possibly by a pm&r doctor.
511806	Sir, I am 25. I have hydrocele problem for the past few years and I am actually afraid of surgery because i don't know whether it will affect my married life or not. What should I do?	It shouldnt A hydrocelectomy is a relatively benign and common procedure that is performed as an outpatient surgery. It should not affect your "functioning" long term. Risks of surgery include bleeding, infection, and damage to structures nearby the testicle.
1069317	Inner labia has been itching for a couple of days. No bumps or lumps just the tissue is white. Doesn't hurt to pee and no smell. Not swollen.	Many reasons From allergy to infections(virus , bacteria, fungus) consult with your doctor.
1389450	How long should I wait to have a proximal locking screw out of my broken femur? I broke hip 1st of jan got rod down leg also.screw in hip hurts	This is dependent on several factors related to the fracture type, it's overall reduction and healing progress. Only your surgeon will be able to answer this type of question primarily guided by radiographs during your healing process.
1526210	Can Ebv/mono cause  internal tremors in the body? can we consider internal tremors as a symptom of Mono?	No. EBV does not produce tremor. Produces fatigue / fever / malaise / abdominal pain / sore throat / swollen lymph nodes.
496213	I had unprotected sex almost 3 weeks ago. I got my period but i don't feel right. I have light cramping, and my vagina is a bit darker am i pregnant?	Maybe (not) . . . Quick way to find out whether you're pregnant (or not) is to take a home pregnancy test; very accurate and inexpensive, available at most drug stores w/o prescription. It's possible to have your period and still be pregnant so take the test since you don't feel right. Then go get tested for sexually transmitted disease since unprotected sex leaves you at risk for both.
6702903	Watery cloudy with flecks discharge ? Swollen Labia as well. Sometimes it thickens with flecks? What is it. I am sexually active with my partner.	Possible infection A vaginal discharge and labial swelling in a sexually active woman can be due to trauma, an allergic reaction, or, most commonly, an infection. This can be yeast or an STD. See your PCP or GYN for testing to be sure it is treated appropriately ASAP. Hope this helps. Be safe.
1347856	Small circular raised mole appeared overnight. Surrounding skin is red w pinprick petechiae. Small petechiae over torso and arms for week come and go?	See a doctor This needs to be examined in order to even begin to speculate as to what this is. Show this to a doctor and perhaps to a dermatologist.
1594323	M 22..have IBS symptoms fr years..had soft stool with mucous..some mucous had a speck or so of red...is bloody mucous a symptom of colon cancer?	See below It is very unlikely that you have colon cancer. Colon cancer can cause blood in stool, but so can other issues.
6632155	Is Lyrica stronger than Gabapentin ?	More effective... It is more effective.....but individual effect varies.
6759649	For a while I have this wind sound in my left ear. When I swallow or just move. Sometime there's a buzzing and popping sound. How can I make it stop?	Wax? Do you use Q-tips? If so, stop. You may have packed wax in your ear canals and that can cause funny sounds. Get checked and see if that is so. Remember the old medical adage: "The only thing that goes in your ears is your elbow or a piano! "
1100454	Pressure r side jaw, head & neck.Swollen gum around tooth(no infection, per dentist). R eyelid spasms. Injury to r side of head 16yrs ago(hit by rock)?	Contradictory How could you have a swollen gum, along with pressure on the right side of the jaw and not having an infection? By definition, swollen gum means there is an antigenic response in your gum and it is an indication of infection. Capillary dilation and chemotaxis of immune cells into the area to fight the infection causes the swelling. I would suspect malocclusion along with localized periodontitis.
557898	-psoriasis on elbows/knees
-recently used apple cider vinegar (orally) & olive oil/acv baths
-now many bright red spots on thighs and lower leg
-help!	Unproven The theraputic options you have choosen are un proven. They are not helping and potentially making things worse. Go to your dr and get evaluation done with fda treatment.
1557213	TTC. Spotting 2 days after period. Had sex three times every other day of being off period. Seventh day, sore breasts. Possibility of being pregnant?	Low Probability Ovulation generally follows menses onset by about 14-15 days. Sexual activity timing was a bit early to match ovulation, though the third time got close, it seems. Breast change would not occur yet even if you conceived. Takes weeks for pregnancy related hormones to alter breast sensations.
6773283	Hello,
I am a 48 year old female. 3 weeks ago I had an intense earache in my left ear. I also physically could not lay on it as well as shooting pain.  My MD although no sign of fluid thought perhaps I had a sinus infection and prescribed an antibiotic. N	Earache What you are describing is quite common. If your ear drum looked pretty normal, it isn't likely you have an ear infection. A sinus infection could cause ear pain, but you would also expect to have nasal congestion, facial pressure and/or pain as well as nasal discharge. You are more likely suffering from pain in your jaw joint. To make sure, you should really have an exam by an ear specialist.
1448292	I have a sore throat and the doc prescribed amoxicillin. Can I crush the 875mg tablet? Hurts to swallow.	Yes Yes you can crush the tablets to help them go down.
1521849	I have been getting stomach/uterus cramping pains after sexual intercourse, what could they be from? They hurt so bad I have to lay down for awhile.	Infection Could be an infection. Best to get checked out by your doctor. Abstain from sex and have your partner tested as well. Good luck
609962	Lump behind ear, right on the bony bit behind the ear it's fixed and hard it's right on bone so not lymph node, what could it be? Feel unwell also.	Lymph node It could be a lymph node, cyst, infection, abscess or fatty tissue. You should see a doctor to have it diagnosed and treated.
642816	I have acne.Sometimes after i wash my face i would feel itchy on my cheek.I cannot scratch it bcause i fear it'll get worse.What should I do about it?	Itchy skin The wash you use for your acne maybe too drying. Try something milder.
1377279	My penis has random red pimples / dots, very itchy every 3-4 hours, and an area of my scrotum is "engorged", sticks out compared to the rest. No sex.	Red pimples You could have "jock strap" itch which is caused by a fungus. You can get otc medication. Your engorged scrotum sounds like you may have a hydocoele, in which case you should see a urologist
1284171	History of IBS (not ibd), diarrhea and constip both worse last 2 month. Yesterday loose bloody stool, today very dark diarrhea, now brbpr w/o stool. Pots symptoms worse. Last cscopy in dec was clear. Advice?	Bloody stool One will have to rule out infection ie bacterial or ova and parasites so stool samples will be needed. If there is no infection then one will have to do another colonscopy to check inflammatory bowel disease. If nothing is found, i would at least start strong probiotic 80 billion per day. You need to to do food diary to see which food allergies you do have because it is very likely that you d.
6788242	If i have oral sex performed on me is it high risk for gonorrhea and chlamydia?	Yes absolutely.
324930	How long after open carpal tunnel surgery will your hand be swollen?	2-3 weeks If swell more than that check with doctor.
6692883	Yellow discharge. Period is almost due. Light cramps. Tender breasts. What could it be?	Possible Infection Vaginal discharge requires an examination to determine the cause and treatment. Bacterial vaginosis is the most common cause and often has a vaginal odor. Vaginal itching can be a sign of a yeast infection. Sometimes vaginal discharge can be a sign of a sexual transmitted infection. Testing is important to determine the treatment and keep you and your partner safe.
1547200	Can you take Tylenol 3 and Oxycodone 5mg(no acetaminophen) in the same day? How many hours should they be spread apart?	6-8 hours if you are taking Xanax (which can compound the risk of respiratory depression)
383294	Would a deep plane face lift leave me with less sensation in my face? I had a breast lift years ago, so i know that cosmetic surgery can cause some loss of feeling in the treatment area. I'd like to reduce the sagging in my cheeks and around my mouth with	Depends In 5 % or less of facelifts you may get deceased sensation somewhere in the face. It is usually around the ears if it occurs.
1239602	Dr. I did a pregnancy blood test on 16 dpo, result is 61.4 miu/ml. I want to is this normal? What is normal range at 16 dpo? Urine test got faint +ve.	No normal Bhcg levels vary widely. We don't look at a level and make any conclusions other than confirming one is pregnant.
558818	Why is elevated vs. Flat not suggested to check your moles for melanoma?	Not distinguishing Flat vs raised does not distinguish between melanomas and benign moles. Other characteristics, like asymmetry, border irregularity, unusual or changing color, and size changes, are much more commonly associated with melanoma.
567815	Can i apply anti fungal cream under the foreskin of my penis if it's really itchy there?	Balance-posthitis Yes.
843364	They found a complex cystic mass with multiple septation on my left parotid gland .. Do I have a greater risk of having cancer because of this?	Parotid mass Both benign and malignant parotid tumors can present as a complex cystic mass. In looking at the percentages, 80% of masses in the parotid are benign while only 20% are malignant. Steps in evaluation could include needle aspiration biopsy which allows a look at the cells. This can possibly help to know if the lesion is benign or not. Either way, usually recommend removal of most parotid masses.
6725325	I had a tubal ligation 8 years ago I have been constantly sick to my stomach then I had two periods in one month no cramping very light during ?	Tubal The failure rate for a tubal is 1-2 per 1000. The irregularity in your cycle is age appropriate.
1283621	I'm about 4 days away from my period.. And my nipples are so sore.. Not my breast but my nipples.. Does this mean a period or pregnancy?	Neither Nipple is not a reliable way to tell period or pregnancy. If you want to confirm pregnancy, you should use a urine pregnancy test. These tests are available over the counter at drug stores.
6666480	Earlier today my right arm tingled, then I got a pain from the elbow to the shoulder and now it feels a little heavy and is difficult to lift???	Some potentials Although you may be experiencing nerve compression at your wrist, I cannot exclude an acute brachial plexitus or nerve compression in neck. And even a stoke might start this way. Best to obtain medical attention ASAP, and get this diagnosed and treated.
1230965	Chest pains, chronic diarrhea, dizziness when laying down, swollen tonsils (for over two months), extreme fatigue, numb scalp and feet, vision problems?	PCP Time to see pcp or ent.
598363	Itchy eyes with slight redness. Sneezing and itchy nose. I wake till late night which i can't stop and use mobiles for hours to see contents. Suggest.	Allergies Try over the counter antihistamines.
1378944	Abnormal EKG cardioligist said it was questionable n was 90% sure it was nothing. Still having chest pain n breathing prob acid reflux bad what to do?	Possibilities... Acid reflux, or GERD, can cause symptoms like chest pain, sour taste in mouth and it can even cause bronchospasm leading to shortness of breath. But, there is effective treatment for GERD so see your family doctor who may refer you to a GI doctor for diagnosis and treatment.
536311	I have red spots on my upper abdomen. They started between my breasts about 4 months ago and keep moving lower. They itch and itch. They arent raised.	Red spots There are many possibilities. You should see your doctor, preferably a dermatologist for evaluation and treatment. It is not possible to diagnose them without seeing them.
1157878	My period and ruptured ovarian cyst occurred at the same time . How soon can I try to get pregnant if still bleeding ?	No reason to wait Ruptured ovarian cysts are common and really do not impact the ability to get pregnant - unless you have a condition called polycystic ovarian syndrome, in which fertility is a huge problem. In general if things are going well, the most likely time to get pregnant is about 2 weeks before your period which is when ovulation most commonly happens. Bleeding from the cyst may confuse timing.
6611538	I have a red rash type on my arm. Its a tad bit hot to the touch, a bit itchy and is swollen.. Slightly hurts when i touch it..	Contact Dermatitis Probably contact dermatitis.
1307153	Had sex on fertile days, one month later, got 1st and only Depo-Provera provera shot and have had spotting , many pregnancy symptoms and milk from both breasts	Pregnant Invest in a pregnancy test to see if youare indeed pregnant.
1496130	I have severe neuropathy pain as a result of radiation & chemo for colorectal cancer Stage IIIB. Taking Neurontin. Tried Lyrica. Nothing is helping.	Therapy techniques While pain medication can be helpful, there are various techniques that can help manage pain. Meditation, hypnosis, energy tapping, and changing your perception of pain can help. There are therapists who specialize in pain management. Also consider techniques discussed in my books, "Energy Tapping" and "Energy Tapping for Trauma".
1313075	I have Chest ache on left, heart palpatations, dry cough, upper left back pain, shortness of breath and feeling nausia, any idea on the problem?	Need an exam With those symptoms and the smoking history, I'd be most suspicious of a pulmonary problem like pneumonia, but there's a long list of possibilities, and you really should have someone examine you and listen to your lungs. Based on that, they might consider further testing. Feel better!
6643319	I started to feel very itchy and slight burning/discomfort near vaginal area. Used a mirror and saw a rash on inner labia, and milky white discharge.	Possible yeast You may monistat7 cream
397310	I am getting dehydrated no reason. Went to urgent care on feb 27 urinary tract inf. No fever. He gave me doxycycline 2 times a day I have horrible drug allergies can only take levaquin avelox penicillin cannot take sulfa or macrobid. He gave me 

doxycycl	Dehydration Dehydration can occur easily when a patient has an infection. An infection can cause a fever, even when the patient isn't always aware, and the skin flushes, with more fluid evaporating. In addition, if a patient isn't feeling well, they often don't drink or eat as much as they typically do. Patient's who are on other medications, including cardiovascular medications, can be more sensitive to the effects of dehydration. Signs of allergic reaction to a medication usually includes rash that is usually hives, swelling, itching, or shortness of breath.
1550180	Suspected UTI with blood in urine and breakthrough bleeding. Previous history of PID. Could I have PID again? STI test negative.	Hematuria It is not clear as to whether the blood in your urine is actually from vaginal contamination of the specimen. It is always possible that you could have a STD, since if you are having unprotected sex this is always a risk. Do not know what test was negative, but would advise you to see a doctor, provide a full detailed history and be re-examined, diagnosed and treated if necessary.
616054	Can you get a period right after emergency surgery for ruptured ovarian cyst and miss the next months period? I am now 5 days late	Yes The stress of surgery can cause irregular periods for a cycle or two. They should then go back to your normal. If they don't then get checked.
712640	Is it possible that a yeast infection a week before my expected period be a sign of pregnancy?	Not an indicator Yeast infections occur more often during pregnancy but are not considered pregnancy indicators.
904614	Hi i've been waking up with pain under my feet for a while and its getting worse.Also pain in knees and elbows and have numb hands all the time.Help?	An EMG/NCS Is a test that can help determine the cause of your issues. I would visit a rehab doctor. Your doctor can also give you a lot of insight concerning your joints hurting.
253636	Period is 4wks late..Iv had pregnancy symptoms but neg blood&urine. Could it still be pregnancy? Waist increased 1inch since last week.	Unlikely If all testing negative, i doubt it. You may have simply not ovulated last cycle and that is why you are so late. Are your periods normally regular? Check with your obgyn and good luck.
1530438	Hive like spot appeared today on edge of 3 in scar on butt from mole removal year ago.  SD nevus. Clear margins. MOHS surgeon. Already smaller. What?	See doctor if it does not go away in a few days. It could be hives, a bug bite, poision ivy , herpes or another dermatitis or an infection.
6654672	If a person has sharp stomach pains with vomiting + diarrhea but with NO fever, no chills, no fatigue, is it food poisoning or stomach virus?	Stomach pains V&amp;D At this time of year stomach viruses and viruses in general can cause vomiting and diarrhea but generally associated with other symptoms like fever, chills aches and fatigue. Food poisoning is also a possibility but will usually only last 24-48 hours. The key here is to stay hydrated - ice chips, water ice, cold flat soda in small amts will help or jello. No diary products. good luck
1040689	A red spot on right breast. 1/2cm. Its not painful, not itchy, no heat or swelling. Its not hard but small red lines coming from it, spot?Bite?Ibc?	See a dermatologist It is difficult to make a proper diagnosis since I am not there to see the condition. I recommend seeing a dermatologist so that they can make a proper diagnosis and give you something to get rid of the condition or relieve symptoms.
1501141	No nausea no crampin in 5 weeks of pregnancy but I have sore breast and feel hungry alot.... I have pcos should I be worried?	No The lack of nausea and cramping is not necessarily a bad sign. Some women never have nausea and others throw up so much they require hospitalization. You may still develop some nausea. The sore breasts are often an early sign of the elevated hormones of pregnancy. Best wishes.
6656577	I was rubbing neck because of a sore muscle and found a ball..little smaller then a pea one inch above collar bone toward jugular. movable n smooth.	Lymph node this is one of various lymph nodes in your neck. No need to worry about
1485433	I have a small hard lump on the left side of my head, a little behind the ear. It's been there for a month now. I can flatten it too with pressure.	Sounds like you have It sounds like you have a lesion on your mastoid process. Get this checked by your PCP or by an ENT. Something is causing this lesion, usually a pathogen.
732392	I've had swollen glands on right side of neck for years, & now around jaw, negative mono. It hurts & keeps coming back. Also have fibromyalgia. Ideas?	See below Sjogrens can cause swollen minor salivary glands in the neck. Ask your doctor if you have been checked for this condition.
1100876	I had no choice but to have my breast implants removed in 2012 after having a needle biopsy done just above my left breast  please help?	Discuss Options I am not sure what your question is? But if it is: should they have been removed? , that is a difficult question to answer without knowing more about the uniques conditions of your situation. Iw old discuss your options with your oncologist or general surgeon and ask for a referral to a plastic surgeon.
991556	Arm numbness/falling asleep. Swollen hand/between pointer and thumb. 25 yearsold. Manual labor job.Started two weeks ago?	Numbness Swollen hands with arm numbness should be evaluated for underlying causes. Numbness is due to compression of underlying nerve most likely at the area of swelling though it could be at higher levels . A good exam will lead to appropriate investigations . Manual labor can make symptoms worse . Time to check with your doctor for next steps.
6766540	Does chlamydia cause vaginal redness swelling itching & milky discharge? Treated for chlamydia yesterday and have all these symptoms	Yeast?Herpes?Trich? Chlamydia causes vaginal discharge, but usually not vaginal redness, swelling, or itching. Maybe a yeast infection or herpes, instead of chlamydia or in addition to it. Or trichomonas? Check back ASAP with the doctor or clinic treating you. FYI, Australia's govt-funded sexual health centres are the world's best STD clinics. You'll never go wrong at your nearest SHC for problems like this.
1529353	There's a bump on my vagina, not in it, but next to it, and it hurts. I know it's not an SD because I've never been sexually active, and I'm only 16?	Could be a folliculitis or carbuncle. See a you doctor for examination,accurate diagnosis and management
74248	Is 1% cleocin gel effective for treating acne? And should I apply it before or after applying benzoyl peroxide?	Not together Cleocin works by reducing the bacterial flora of the face. Normally used twice a day. I recommend using it once a day if being used with benzyl peroxide, which i would use once a day as well. I would not use one and then apply the other, but rather one product in the morning and the other in the evening. (watch that the BP does not fade the color of your hair or clothing.
1036402	I have livedo reticularis, bulging veins, non-healing body acne, off/on fever, GI bleeds, diarrhea ALT w/constip, migraines, shocks of pain neck lymph nodes. No ibd, ANA negative. Any common cause?	No common Problems can explain your constellation of symptoms. This is a tough one. An infectious disease or rheumatology specialist might be able to help you.
490687	I've had blood in my stool diahrea constipation abdominal pain lower back pain from cyst increased urinary frequency abnormal periods abdominal bloating frequent fevers night sweats horrible cough none of my docs can find anything wrong i had an endoscopy	Keep looking You symptoms are complex and many. Keep working with your doctors to find a cause. There may be multiple reasons for your symptoms.
643194	I some times feel stiffness in elbows & feel a little relaxed after stretching my arms, but this stiffness recurs after some time. Kindly advise.	Hmmm? Is this stiffness caused by anything you do? I. E. Weightlifting or some type of physical labor? It could be early osteoarthritis or it could just be muscle stiffness. Keep stretching and try a short course of aleve. Be well.
959469	25 yo female had echo labs stress test and EKG all normal. Last 4 days sharp pain in between shoulder blades and chest around breasts on and off. Tried Tums and Advil no help. Scared of mi or pe. Help?	Fear not The likelihood of mi at your age is <1% assuming you're not using cocaine. Your symptoms are not at all suggestive of pe. Your negative stress test is further reassurance. Aches and pains are common. Give it time and rest: you'll likely be better by this time next week.
915765	I recently had a CBC test done and they found mcv-low, mch-low, rdw-high, and they found presence of nrbc's but i don't know how many. Reason for going in: headaches. What could it be?	Need more info What were your hemoglobin and hematocrit? It seems as if your body is trying to make the red blood cells however something may be making their lifespan shorter. My guess is your reticulocyte count is high and your hemoglobin is low.
761987	Red eyes green slim itchy sore is it pink eye or allergys?	Green, not allergy See your ophthalmologist.
1320745	I tend to experience a lot of side effects from medications. Should I try nerve blocks for my bilateral small fiber neuropathy leg pain?	Probably not Nerve blocks may help if large nerve roots are inflamed or injured. Typically they are used for a person with back pain when there is bone fide pressure on a nerve. Even in these situations many people do not have significant (> 50%) or sustained (> 3 months) relief of pain. I agree that medications have some side effects. Active physical/mental activity can distract your brain from nerve pain.
259121	I have bumps that look like acne on my back that go away for years now also I have big red bumps on my neck that away an the bumps on my neck are painful?	Cystic Acne Nodulocystic acne sufferers develop nodules as well as cysts. Nodules are hard, painful lumps under the skin's surface. Much larger than papules, nodules form deep within the skin and take a long time to heal. Treatment is with oral antibiotics.
6723085	1day brown discharge 3weeks after unprotected sex during ovulation.2spots blood 2 days later.period came 3days late but v.light n brown.neg hpt@moment?	Repeat hpt You should do an hpt now. if the result is negative, repeat the test in 4-5 days. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully. Practice safe sex. Get HPV vaccine.
1045018	If I have preg. Symptoms and movements in my stomach bu i just got the Depo-Provera shot on the 30th of oct. Could i still be preg? Would the result be true?	Hormones You are on depo. Why would you think you are pregnant? Did you not read or learn about this birth control and how you will feel getting these hormones to stop your periods and to protect against pregnancy? One has to be many weeks into pregnancy before they can feel the tiniest movements of a fetus. You are feeling gas in your stomach.
857453	How can you tell if your neck glands are swollen? My throat is really sore and my neck feels swollen on the left side and feels like lump is there. Ear hurts. Neck hurts. Irritable. Tired. Nauseas.	See a doctor You need to be examined and tested to answer these questions accurately. This could be an infectious mononucleosis-like syndrome (which can be caused by several different bugs), or a variety of other things. Go and get evaluated and appropriately managed. Good luck.
6685221	Almost a year ago. I got these 2 itchy red rashes on the back of my legs. My doctor said it could be from stress. What could be the cause of it?	RED ITCHY RASHES SORRY, STRESS WILL NOT CAUSE THESE. THINK OF INSECT BITES, MEDICATIONS, POISON IVY, ETC DO YOU HAVE A CAT OR A DOG? HOW LONG HAVE THEY BEEN THERE?
764759	Knee and top of ankle pain, swelling, right leg. No injury. Began at end of strep. Pain flares when walking and in morning unexplained bruising/bumps?	Mixed symptoms There are times after strep infections that auto immune conditions can flair up. I am not sure what could be causing your mixed symptoms. Consult your podiatrist or internist for a complete history physical and diagnostic workup.
6767768	I notice a small tiny bump at my penis meatus this morning. It show like pin head, red and no discharge. What it could be and what I have to do?	Here are some... The described scenario suggests that tiny bump likely has existed for a long time, but is just incidentally noticed this morning. Clinically, it may be a skin tag, hyperactive sebaceous gland, some kinds of fibroangioma, etc. Nonetheless, it's hard to give right Dx without a direct look at. For confirmation, follow instructions described in http://www.formefirst.com/eNewsletter06.html.
6729284	I have swollen lymph nodes in my groin. They are not painful and I have no infection. My GP doesn't seem to be concerned. Should I be concerned?	No painless enlarged lymph nodes in the growing are usually caused by little nicks and minor skin infections from the toes on up the legs. Bacteria can drain up the lymphatics to the lymph nodes in the groin, which destroy them, enlarging in the process. They eventually will return to normal size. Rarely, a node will becomeabscessed and require therapy
553186	I have a sore throat &it feels almost raw on the left side, a runny nose, headaches, congestion, cough, little wheezing when i breath w/ discomfort.	The wheezing It seems you have a viral infection but I am most concerned about the wheezing part, as a viral infection or any urti can trigger asthmatic symptoms. Consult a doctor and treat the wheeze.
6785131	What is best thing to do about a 6.7cm anterior wall fibroid in anteverted uterus measures 11.38.3cm with 
fluid in endometrium but its walls are thin.The cervix 
looks normal&the right ovary is remarkable but left ovary is seen on today's study.No adnex	Ans Perhaps just observation. Do you want children? Many tx options. See your gynecologist for options. But again if not causing excessive bleeding or reducing chances of pregnancy why not just wait and watch?
1165353	If you get cold sores, can you transmit hsv1 to someone genitally through oral sex when you don't have a cold sore?	Yes That has been the greatest problem we've had with hsv as the transmission is not at a time with lesion, we are careful at that time. It when we don't have anything to show for a problem that we can transmit it to another person.
97706	Mrsa staph infection skin problems normal in nursing homes?	Wrong word "normal" isn't really the proper descriptor - serious infections are never normal. Mrsa is, however, a *common* problem in nursing homes -- unfortunately. Good facilities are always on the lookout for infections of any kind in their residents, and when they find them, they treat them promptly.
1043885	My daughter is now fourteen since age ten she has been getting i ovarian cysts that rupture at least once a year she hasn't started her period yet?	Doesnt make sense Something does not add up here. If her ovaries are so active that she is getting ovarian cysts that rupture then she should also have gone through puberty and be having menstrual cycles. If this is true then she should see a gynecologist who has experience and interest in pediatric gynecology to better evaluate this contradictory problem.
1573966	Sonography report  Uterus is retroflexed & bulky & normal in shape. Thick Endometrium (15 mm).A posterior fibroid seen. What does it mean? Pregnancy?	Depends If the ultrasound was done to detect a pregnancy, then this could mean that the pregnancy hormone concentration is too low and the pregnancy too young to be detected on ultrasound. It can also mean that the pregnancy is outside the uterus. Endometrium is thin at the beginning of the cycle and gets thicker until after ovulation. 15 mm is on the high end of what one would expect.
1283972	Hcg level 4/14 1299, 4/16 1288, 4/21 1490 & transvaginal ultrasounds on 4/14 & 4/21 show irregularly shaped fluid collection & no signs of pregnant ideas?	Miscarriage What you have is an abnormal pregnancy - a miscarriage. Bleeding will begin, but it may take a few weeks more. You can't do anything yourself to make a miscarriage happen, and you can't do anything to stop one. About 1 in every 5 pregnancies miscarried - usual when there is something wrong with baby.
1573744	My toe nail fungus has progressed to very swollen feet and ankles with (dead skin?) or some solid white stuff popping out everywhere. need help! jim	Antifungal medicine A medicine like lamisil could help nail fungus It comes as a gel powder spray or pills
1476392	Can advantan ointment be used for red rash under breasts(probably heat rash as it is not always itchy or spreading)-is it ok to use it on heat rash?	Possibly but Since the problem is more likely from a fungal infection (monilial), a topical anti-fungal cream would work better although Advantan may mask the inflammation temporarily. Once the rash has cleared, consider applying anti-perspirant (unscented) under the breasts as a preventive measure.
1135161	Arm stopping at my shoulder, not only is the thumb swollen my whole hand is, do you think its broken or sprained, what to do?	Swollen hand I would go to er asap and have it studied. You are young and there is always a reason. The docs will track it down.
391720	Did my ingrown toenail develop into a skin abscess? I've always had irritation from ingrown toenails. Lately, I have even more redness and swelling on my toe near the nail. I clipped the nail several days ago there is still swelling. I actually went to my	Ingrown nail This sounds like infection. The right thing to do is see your podiatrist for treatment.
937908	Has low back pain(during bending down), nausea, diarrhea, lower abdominal pain. Abd pain relieves some after bm? Any suggestions what it can be	Colitis This could be colitis . Need to see a doc.
929927	I have pain in my left groin and testicle is slightly tender.   Both testicles are just outside of scrotum when i lay down.  Should i go to er?	Go to Family Doctor There is absolutely no need to waste the expense and time at an emergency room. This problem should be managed by a family physician or a primary care specialist. This is the very reason one has a family doctor so that these kind of problems can be evaluated and followed over time.
1422246	Help ,how caaan I prevent this horribleee rash out of my face after razor job,Please,Is bad and itchy,or it is a sign STD or other disease,profile pic?	Did you use old razor? this could be an infection from used razor, or contact dermatitis. See dermatologist if topical OTC hydrocortisone twice a day doesn't help, Does not sound like STD, but see derm for answers
1422247	Itchy slightly burning rash on my arms, hands, fingers, legs and scrotum.  Its not raised, but is slightly red. No distinct shape. No meds or allergy?	Here are some ... Since not urgent, so, still make effort to watch & identify potential offending factors in living environment and lifestyles besides tracing down if any family members have similar conditions as yours or if it's related with seasonal or hot muddy weather. Hopefully, you may find the causes for your itchy rashes in time after exhausting personal & professional efforts so to live on more comfortably
1495116	I was diagnosed with DVT my calfs and feet hurt real bad also have knee issues ?	What is the question Sorry that you are feeling badly, but you did not ask a question and not sure what you want. Best wishes.
6771570	Is it safe to take Benadryl and Zyrtec together? I was put on Zyrtec for an allergic reaction with steroids for swelling and it's keeping me awake.	Steroids Is what's keeping you awake, take them in the morning, you can try benadryl at night, don't exceed recommended dosage as you are already on zyrtec
182206	My dr 2 days ago run urine culture to check for bladder infection. No blood in urine. Dr sent me to ER to check for appenditicis. Ct scan normal, bloodwork normal, but had urine in blood 2 days later. Why does this happen? Do I actually have uti?	Not necessarilhy Needs to be evaluated for hematuria.
6628867	After ejaculation I get restless, increase in acne, I feel a little shaky on the inside, get spasms, itchy, I also feel bad. symptoms last days?	Postorgasmic illness Check out this link for more info on postorgasmic illness syndrome. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postorgasmic_illness_syndrome
965752	Im 39, not pregnt. No family history of breast cancer. Mammogram in june '13 - normal. Now have small amount clear fluid rt. Breast only. No pain/lump?	See your MD Any new discharge from the nipple should be evaluated with 'cytology', basically a pap smear of the fluid. Please see your hcp for a careful breast exam, possible breast ultrasound and further evaluation. Don't ignore this...
1262288	Could people with systemic autoimmune diseases like lupus/ra benefit from taking evening primrose oil? What about fish oil?	Drug interactions Even over the counter and herbal medications can interact with other medications you may be taking. Please do not take either of these without discussing the matter with your doctor.
351983	What is the difference between an osteochondral surgery and partial knee replacement?	Preservation vs repl Bone preservation vs bone replacement. Based on your age each has an advantage over the other. After 40 years of age replacement is a more predictable procedure.
901498	Rash in groin. Red, itchy, small red bumps, white color in middle. Both sides of groin. No history of allergy. About a week now. What could it be?	Groin rash It could be related to a fungal infection from sweating, has nothing to do with allergies, you should have someone look at it to treat it properly.
870245	Am having stomach pain, my breast is getting bigger, and am always feeling weak but am not pregnant according to my blood test result 1, 20miu/ml, ?	Premen Syndrome Many of the symptoms are consistent with the verge of menstruation (premenstrual syndrome) and the various hormone peaks/spikes. I would follow up with your pcp/ob-gyn doc to make certain it is nothing but cramping and bloating. The breasts will also enlarge as the hormone levels increase just prior to menstruation.
1482476	I have pressure/pain in the right side of head if I lay on that side or on back. Have had tension headaches lately and do have sinus pressure.	Get checked See a neurologist and have your cranial joints (TM joints, occiput and frontal sinus) for the presence of toxins, pathogens, allergens as the cause of the tension HAs. Make sure you rule out the presence of mold toxins as a factor for the sinus pressure.
368521	Why is complete knee dislocation so rare?	Takes a large force Fortunately it is rare for a real (not patella) dislocation you must be hit with enough force to tear all 4ligaments in the knee this is a severe injury with a poor prognosis for the future no matter how treated.
1604737	Ive been getting vertigo and tinnitus (at times is pulsatile), No nystagmus, could it be a blocked artery in neck? those are my only symptoms.	Exam Cannot be diagnosed online. Call for a medical examination and testing.
6777639	Extreme dizziness - almost passing out. Pain and numbness in left hand, elbow. I have heart disease, diabetes, etc. ?	Many symptoms Off to the nearest Emergency facility as soon as possible. Please have someone drive you. Hope all goes well.
1219644	Eye pressure, dizziness, forgetfulness loss of feeling especially in hands and legs, metallic taste and stuttering. No hypertension. What could it be?	Differential Dx alot Anxiety to neurologic disorders. Med- side effects or mega-doses of vitamins or supplements. Exposure to pesticides especially if you live or work on a farm or agriculture industry w/o protection of hands and w/o a mask to prevent inhalation. See an ophthalmologist to check eyes. Do you have mvp? Metallic taste makes toxins ? Family hx of neurologic / degenerative disease important. Get evaluated.
1449169	My lip is swollen on one side, looks like a small red scratch underneath my lip. It also hurts. Could this be a cold sore? Or allergic reaction?	Swollen lip This cannot be diagnosed without a visual examination and additional information. If the swelling and pain lasts longer than 7-10 days, see your dentist or an oral surgeon.
6626426	If I am taking a 5 milligram Xanax and I can't sleep can I take melatonin on top of it?	Yes Yes, you can. Xanax is not a sleep medicine per se but can help with sleep. It is also habit forming so don't take if it is not helping and you don't need it.
1425947	Vaginal discharge watery w/odor no burning or itching no bumps or anything indicating an STD I shave vagina have one partner I don't use a condom with?	No Dosent sount like std
6715569	I'm 18have a regular cycle. I'm sexually active. I stated bleeding today a week before my period out of the blue no symptoms and it stopped. Pregnant?	Pregnant? You state you are sexually active but don't say what form of birth control you are using. That being said no birth control method is 100% safe except abstinence. I would suggest you get a pregnancy test and repeat it several weeks down the road. Good luck.
6708782	I woke up today with a stiff neck on my left side and my shoulder blade hurts too. My lymph node is pea sized in my neck and it feels swollen. Help?'	Viral infection and musculo-skletal pain. An upper respiratory tract infection or a cold can inflame your cervical lymphonode. It gradually goes down after your cold or URI is over. The neck and shoulder pain could be due to sleeping on your left side. Take advil for the pain. It can take up to 10 days to get over the pain.
393987	I keep having chest pain with pressure that is unrelieved by pain medications (norco 5/325). Nothing on stress, ekg, or CT tests hi, starting in december of 2011, i had excruciating pain in my chest around the sternum and the between the shoulder blades t	This This is a complex question, with no simple answer. First of all, stress tests, although an excellent screening test, can have false negatives. An excellent, low risk test for coronary disease currently is a special ct scan called a ct angiogram, or cta. Is this the test you had? If so, then your risk of coronary sources of your pain is probably negligible. Secondly, if you are having shortness of breath with a normal ordinary ct scan, you probably don't have intrinsic lung (parenchymal) disease. This being said...There are other causes of shortness of breath.....Like asthma etc. Some other chest diseases can cause chest pain and perceived shortness of breath, like esophageal disorders. These are more common in patients with autoimmune problems like lupus.
1045487	Had unprotected sex and took Plan B the day after, but now 2 weeks after the pill and a period i'm having redish/brown discharge. Am i pregnant?	Most likely not You are probably not pregnant but start with a home pregnancy test which you can repeat in a week, if you are still worried see your doctor. You could also have a vaginal infection - Plan B only prevents infections not sexually transmitted diseases. Use barrier contraception in the future.
609762	What does "acute infection" mean for herpes? As i got IgG negative & IgM 1.5+ index.	Herpes simplex This generally refers to the infection that occurs when you are exposed to the virus for the first time. This is indicated by the presence of igm antibodies in the absence of igg antibodies. You can also have acute infection with recurrence, but then you would also have igg antibodies present as well as igm. You cannot reliably separate types 1 & 2 using antibody testing.
6647011	I have had a migraine for the past 32 hrs along with a sore throat, nausea Etc. My throat is swollen and red, hard to swallow, yellow patch on roof.	If unusual, Have an examination. Unless this is the pattern you expect from your headache - and it's not likely - see your doctor. It may be a cold or the flu or something like that, but if it does need a Rx, that's the way to get it. Best!
1465746	What is this i felt like a hard part in my stomach,i got dizzy,numbness in hands,and  difficult to breath,sometimes chest pain?	Poss heart attack go to the ER or Doctor now
1032563	I had a flu shot about a week ago. I now have bad sinus pressure, sneezing, runny nose, and headaches. Also very sleepy. No fever, though. Any idea?	Cold It sounds like you have a common cold, which has nothing to do with the flu shot. Flu shots are given during cold season, so it's not unusual to get a cold after receiving the vaccine. You should take the usual over-the-counter medications that you would take to treat cold symptoms.
1444459	CHolesterol 218:   age 61 post menopausal female.  LDL:  78; HDL 127.  Walk 5-8 miles daily.  Should I be concerned?   Don't smoke/drink.  Thanks.	Ideal Your cholesterol profile is ideal.
6735034	6/f/3p26.3 duplication (GDD, small stature). Unusually cold, sore, red, swollen hands in cold weather. Not improved upon warming near heater 30mins.	Not enough cases I found only 2 other cases reported of a duplication of 3p26. 3. One is from New Zeland. She sounds like she could use heated mittens in the cold--available at ski shops. Impossible to say whether it is related to the duplication. You could contact the authors of this publication--I'm sure that they would be fascinated to see her. http://www.hindawi.com/journals/crig/2014/295359/
765402	I'm having numbness on left side of body - hand leg & foot. I have lupus & MS & diabetes.  Its been getting worse for 2 days now?	Many possibilities Numbness can occur from various reasons. Some potential causes include vitamin deficiency, nerve damage, nerve compression, and alcohol over consumption, side effects of different medications, or as a result of different systemic medical conditions such as diabetes. Get evaluated by a professional to determine the diagnosis. Treatment is based on the diagnosis.
1583346	I have cervical lymph node, my Platelet count is 330.00,Lymphocytes is 39.00,low HCT/PCV, MCV, MCH,MCHC,RDW &WBC 4.32, the lymph is not soft and large?	Work up anemia Nothing else that you have told me has me worried in the least. You do need to find out why you are anemic (low hct/pcv). Unless it's obvious from diet and/or very heavy monthly loss, a serious investigation is in order.
1555161	Naked foreplay and precum near vagina period due in a few days stomach cramps sore upper legs backpain increased urination mood swings, period or preg?	Unlikely Hi. If nothing made it's way into your vagina, you're probably OK. Precum "near" vagina is not a very explicit locale, but sperm count is very low in precum and if it's only outside your vagina, pregnancy is highly, highly unlikely. It's amazing how situations like that progress, however. You may want to consider birth control before it goes any further. Good luck!
6705263	Tall 175cm
Weight 93kg
Circumference 36 inch
And doctor my knees are hurt me is thats because i am overweight? and in these day my Leg and nerves surrounding the rod hurts me so bad when i walk	Yes Being overweight makes all musculoskeletal pain worse
524636	Can you take 25mg Benadryl 12 hours after taking regular allegra?
I take toprol XL 50 mg for blood pressure	Yes. Benadryl would be safe to take with allegra. Remember not to operate any heavy machinery or drive while taking this medication. It will not affect your blood pressure unless you are taking Allegra-D or the formulation with pseudophedrine.
851602	My right ear pops a lot but my left is harder to. I take allegra, nas-o-nex nasal spray& saline spray daily is this just allergies or something else?	See an allergist If you are taking multiple medicines and still having problems it is time to see a specialist for evaluation and treatment. An allergist can determine if you have allergies.
623151	Can a ruptured ovarian cyst cause internal bleeding?	Ruptured cyst Absolutely a ruptured cyst can cause internal bleeeding.
1400791	When doing duplex of the carotid arteries, how high up the neck do u see? Where does the sight usually end? Can u see in level with the cheekbones?	Usually up to the area where the arteries enter the skull. So, no, it does not image the area of cheekbones. It is useful test because atherosclerotic carotid disease is very common where common carotid artery bifurcates into external and internal branches.
768440	Hi dr...Can u please  duggest mmedications to help reduce blood pressure and reduce amount of protein in urine...	Reducing proteinuria BP medicines that reduce proteinuria (p) are ace-inhibitors, such as ramipril, angiotensin receptor blockers, valosartan, and direct renin inhibitors, aliskirin. Other drugs that do so are some calcium channel blockers such as diltiazem. Ask your doctor which is best for urine. Reduction of p is important to reduce cardiovascular side effects such as stroke, kidney failure and heart attacks.
219012	Can head CT w&wo contrast cause brain tumors?	Very little chance Because our understanding of radiation induced cancer is incomplete, it is assumed that any exposure to radiation increases the risk of developing cancer. This is called the non-threshold model. According to a recent nejm article the risk is approximately 0.005% at age 35 that a single ct brain would cause death due to cancer. N engl j med 2007; 357:2277-2284. The risk is even smaller at > age.
6771393	I just started taking maxzide  for hypertension and lexapro. I'm having headache and so nauseous. Would Benadryl be ok to help with the nausea?	OK but Benadryl is unlikely to relieve your nausea. If the drugs mentioned were recently introduced, make sure that your symptoms are not just side effects. In order to control the nausea, you will need to know what is causing it. Rx drug is often effective if necessary. If you suffer from migraine, then this is how it shows up.
943855	Igot my stool test done, the results are:- brown in color, semi solid and acidic(6-8), pus cells:2-4. Am i suffering from diarrhea or just an infection?	Stool culture From the information provided it is difficult to tell you if you have an infection. More important is the rult of your stool vulture.
1101008	How long after Depo-Provera provera will periods be normal? Last shot 8/01/13. Last period was 10/28/13. Almost two months. No possibility of pregnancy.	Variable There are many different things that contribute to how long after stopping depoprovera it takes for the ovaries to start working again and menses to resume. This includes how long a person has been taking the depoprovera, body size (fat stores the hormone), and baseline ovarian function. 2-3 months is pretty normal.
264217	Headache,  fever,  aches and pains all over. Fatigue,  very painful chest with cough.  Loads of phlegm being coughed up,  yellow/green in colour.?	Pneumonia Sounds like you have serious chest infection. See your doctor asap before your condition deteriorates any further.
6610741	While running I hurt my knee and calf. Calf is swollen and very sore on back of calf. What could be causing this?	Need to rule Out a DVT or blood clot in your calf. This should be done ASAP
1152493	Are raised bumps near butt crack pimples or herpes? It's tingles when i mess with it. Only red when i mess with it.	Can't say Without medical evaluation. A dermatological evaluation will help to assess this properly. Take care.
1127677	I regularly have fever chills headache  diarrhea aches all over. I was in Africa in 1988 and the symptoms happen more and more often. Is it malaria ?	Has this been Going on since 1988 or thereabouts?See an infectious disease specialist.
884799	Will three yr. Old daughter have any side effects?Dr. Gave her wrong vaccination hepatitis a so this is her third one.	Hepatitis Vaccine Nope. Not in any way. This is the least likely vaccine to cause problems.
6784466	Chesty cough with greeny yellow phlegm. A bit of blood in mucus sometimes. headache & sore throat/neck.Worse with cold air. Son has croup. Do I?	Bloody sputum Since you have greenish bloody sputum with coughing, you need to see your 1ry care physician ASAP OR GO TO ER. Good luck.
106148	My vagina feels irritaded dry and itchy I was treated for yeast infection two weeks ago could I still have it ?	You could Be seen and examined, and your doctor can determine if you need to be retreated, or if you have another condition.
554461	During my second ACL surgery the hex screwdriver broke in my knee and they left it there. Could this cause any future problems?	It is possible This a foreign body in the joint and could cause problem know or in the future.
1239386	Im in Zoloft 75mg Buspar 10mg twice ativan 1mg twice trazadon 50mg for sleep i steel feel deepresst can my doctor add Abilify 1mg  there any interacti?	Over Medicated In my experience when one is on this many medications all working on the brain adding one more medication is not going to help. In fact, you are on sedatives and sleeping medications at the same time and wondering why you are depressed? None of your meds are going to cure your anxiety. Isn't it time to re-assess the plan? You are depressed. The current medications are not working. Start there.
6767389	My son has severe poison ivy. He's on prednisone and Zyrtec as well as hydrocortisone cream. Nothing is working! He can't sleep and he's miserable. Can I give him benedryl if he had Zyrtec about 10 hrs ago?	Yes you can But don't exceed recommended dosage for his age, as for poison ivy, he needs to be re-evaluated, might need more steroids, or probably antibiotics if secondary infection developed, take care
1228007	Missed last active pill in birth control pack. Started new pack as normal after the inactive pills. Period was normal. Took Plan B . Pregnant?	Doubt it The last pill in the pack is the furthest away from the time of ovulation so the chance of pregnancy at that time was minimal, plus if you had your normal period, this supports you even more.
6774106	A small light brown spot appeared on my thigh a few of days ago. Does not hurt or itch and its not raised. Does not seem like a mole. What can it be?	Hard to say From what you describe it doesn't sound like a threat to your health. But for any rash/bump that is causing you great concern it's best to have your MD check it out. http://www.buzzle.com/articles/brown-spots-on-legs.html
1239389	Im taking zolof 75 trazadon 50 Buspar 10mg twice ativan twice i steel feel deepresst can I add Abilify 1mg because Abilify help me a lot?	See ur psychiatrist. I think you need to have your medications adjusted because you have too many and their doses seem inadequate. Please go back to your psychiatrist so you can sort this out.
1461938	Can discharge from an STI look and smell similar to BV or yeast infection or are the completely different?  (I'm a female by the way)	Pus The discharge from a sty is pus. It does't smell good but its different than from a yeast infection.
6730935	I have a throat that feels like mucous is in there and nose that has mucous but no runny nose, no cough, no fever, is it allergies? I'm not congested.	See doctor Probably not allergy . Apparently you have GERD which can cause this type of symptoms . You may consider a stronger acid suppression program after consulting with your doctor.
168581	Why do my knees hurt after playing sports?	Many possibilities Most likely it is due to overuse, but it could be due to a lot of different reasons. Knee pain can be due to gout, infection, or due to tendon, cartilage, or bone abnormalities. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1461403	Thanks for answer Rebekah urinalysis negative for infection. Interstitial cystitis?	Possibly This needs evaluation by a urologist.
1579961	Small painless bump inside vagina, near inner labia, no itching, burning, or anything usual, should I be worried?	Not likely dangerous Could be a cyst from plugged gland. If not improving within a couple weeks, or if getting painful, then see a gynecologist or primary care doctor who does gynecology.
1187558	Gp wants to remove 2 moles; didn't check for more suspicious ones elsewhere.Family history of melanoma.Is dermatologist better to examine/remove moles?	Complete You should have a complete skin cancer screening performed. This entails examining everywhere you have skin. I perform skin cancer screenings in addtion to sending my patients to a dermatologist. I feel the more eyes examining the skin the better.
1187550	In nov my anti-cardiolipin IgM 133u/ml in feb it was 82u/ml. My ANA and celiac screen has come back negative but IgA 4.86g/l CRP 12.86, mchc 310g/l.	See details Anticardiolipin antibodies tend to rise and fall but both values are significantly elevated. The igg fraction is more likely to be associated with clotting issues.
1110355	32 weeks pregnant pain and pressure in pelvic area whn walking.Numbness in both hands out of breath just walking a few feet. Severe swelling hands/feet?	See your OB asap It is possible may be having kidney related problem in pregnancy and should get exam and testing to be sure this is not the case. Call your OB for urgent visit.
1232959	Tody was my last day of cymbalta replace it in Zoloft senc 11day but to day i could not sleep i took ativan and trazadon but i steel can't sleep?	Don't understand... You don't say how much zoloft and when you are taking it--usually we would cross-taper--start someone on the zoloft and gradually be moving to a therapeutic dose and giving it some time as we move down on the cymbalta(in your case )--how much trazodone did you take, does it normally work for you? It typically takes time to get into one's system and begin to make one sleepy. Talk to your dr asap.
394334	Vaginal discharge missed period no pregnancy symptoms i haven't had a period since my last one ended on jan. 5th. I had unprotected sex on jan. 7th. I haven't had any symtoms of pregnancy but a lot of clear vaginal dischage that is sometimes yellow or whi	Since Since you have not gotten your period since your last one which ended on jan. 5th, and it is now feb. 24th, there is still a chance you are pregnant despite the multiple negative pregnancy tests. Please see your provider and have a blood pregnancy test which is more accurate. In addition, there should be cultures taken of your vaginal area because of your discharge. If you develop pain, fever, vomiting, or light-headedness, then you would need to be seen as an emergency.
371143	When can I hike after knee surgery? I need to go for arthroscopic knee surgery for meniscus repair. I'm planning a vacation in three months to do some moderate hiking. Am i being too optimistic about the recovery period?	That That is probably a bit on the optimistic side. This would be something to discuss with the surgeon of course. A meniscal repair as opposed to a debridement would require a much longer period of rest because you want to give the repair a chance to work before you go back to putting your knee to work. If the meniscus is debrided back to a stable border (and not repaired) then there is nothing that would keep you from getting back on the trails even before 3 months.
1446359	Pain bottom of foot. Calf and thigh cramping/knotting that wont go away. Could this be blood clot? I had a neg ultrasound knee to groin.	Plantar Fascitis? Where exactly "on the bottom of the foot". If its the bottom of the heel you might have plantar fasciitis with concomitant Achilles tendon tightening which can cause cramping of the calf and lower thigh. I suggest seeing a Podiatrist and also getting a nerve conduction velocity test to check your nerves. Lastly to rule out blood clot an ultrasound of the lower leg should be performed.
1038559	Healthy 32 yro woman, white/red blood cells in urine, only symptom low back pn.Plain xray looks clear. Doc says uti, but no burning when urinating?	Sounds like UTI A urinary tract infection is certainly a good start. It seems reasonable. You can follow up on the urine culture which will come back in two to three days.
1310203	My vagina itches and is red it burns when i put vagisil, I am married so i don't think its an std. I use to put dove deodorant on it is that why?	Maybe The vaginal tissues are delicate. Deodorant doesn't belong in your vagina. Symptoms of a yeast infection may include: burning, redness & itching of the vulva; burning with urination & vaginal intercourse & a clumpy, white, vaginal discharge with no odor. Sometimes the discharge isnt apparent. See your doctor if not improving.
971179	Sinus pain  in right side only. Jaw, earache, and teeth hurt in the same area. Gland in neck swollen also.	Possibilities Several structure in the head and neck refer to one another. The jaw pain could be originating in any of the structures mentioned. The sinuses will also react to pain by becoming congested on occasion. The swollen gland is possibly a clue of infection. If it is the side of the face it could possibly be a temporal tendonitis which could be mistaken for parotid gland swelling.
1442118	I have rhinitis.No environmental allergies  No deviated septum.   No sleep apnea.normal weight.Want to stop snoring Allegra helps. Need long term soln?	Suggestions Have you tried an inhaled nasal steroid for the rhinitis? Your dentist can make you a mouth guard that may help with your snoring. There are also surgical procedures. You may want to see an ENT if you haven't already.
365650	Vomiting headache dizziness diarrhea and stomach pain with intense right flank pain and thoughts as to what it might be and what to do?	See below Any history of kidney stones or urinary tract infections involving the kidney? Any blood in urine or difficulty passing urine? Any recent injury to (r) flank? Still have your gallbladder? If pain is intense (like childbirth) go to er for evaluation/testing to r/o kidney stone, kidney infection, gallbladder attack.
142507	Scheduled for diagnostic mammogram of one of my breasts, and a possible sonogram, should I be worried?	It is normal to be concerned or worried, because obviously there is a potential abnormality. However, most of these turn out to be nothing of concern, so keep that in mind.
549163	2nd day of fever dengue ns1 antigen positive. On eighth day IgM negative but IgG positive and no fever.  Had arthritis 20 yrs back. Is this dengue?	Ns1 is quite Specific. You likely did have dengue.
361939	Is it okay to go on daily walks 6 months after total knee replacement surgery?	Yes If you have no complication and no pain.
1513777	No nausea or stomach pain. Constipated & pooping blood, didn't go bathroom "right away" to be honest, colon cancer?  (19, F)	Constipation With hemorrhoid is the most likely cause unless you have a strong family history of colon cancer at a young age. If your symptoms persist see your doctor for evaluation.
6670980	Am taking tramadol for moderate pain relief for my shouIder, but i had a seizure, what pain medication would u recommend?	See pain management Taking too much of a pain medication can trigger a seizure. For example, patients who take tramadol may have seizures. A pain management specialist is a physician with special training in evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment of all different types of pain and seizure.
987267	Extreme fatigue, persistant cramp in low right stomach, purpura during period only, bloating breast soreness, no appetite. No insurance.What is going on?	Normal symptom It sounds like you are having normal symptoms while having your period, try taking some over the counter medicines to relieve some of the pain.
272472	Rapid heart rate standing up, shortness of breat on top of dizziness ear pressure etc. Had chest X-ray and EKG done and ER said it is anxiety? Worried	Further evaluation While initial er evaluation was unrevealing you have a multitude of symptoms. ..Please seek further evaluation with your primary physician.
6655963	Since my last period I have sore breasts  bloating having like feeling some kind of pressure in my lower abdomen not due for period yet it in 8 days

?	R/O MASTALGIA MASTALGIA is breast pain , MASTITIS IS BREAST INFLAMMATION. You need a full exam labs. Also mammogram and ultrasound of the area in question to define the anatomy. While waiting start VITE topical and oral. Limit caffeine in stake and switch to a gluten free diet. Wholeapproach.com gutbliss.com
6624038	Multiple negative tests for all STDs, BV & Yeast in the past 3 months but I still have pale yellow discharge, why? 28yo, recently stopped the pill.	Here are some ... "Discolored" discharge is indeed annoying; that could be very emotionally subjective. Since you've been tested to be (-) for all STDs and UTI, I would stop and ignore what you've seen as long as being comfortable and having no blood in discharge and urine. The odor and color of discharge may widely vary among people reflecting personal unique feature of sweat glands like those in the armpits.
1496962	Dark aerola wit white pumps, green veins and tender aching breasts, fatigue,dizzy ,frequent pee, blur vision, hunger & heart burn just after my period?	Here are some ... The content of your Q seems pointing to a worry about pregnancy. Remember, if pregnant, the pregnancy-related symptoms usually start 5-6 weeks after conception. As to confirming pregnancy, nowadays, prompt HPT is the answer to end worrying about pregnancy; get it done soon after missing the regularly expected period and repeat it in 1-2 weeks if the 1st test is (-) & still in doubt. More? Ask Doc.
1118113	Hello doctors. Is is true that this product grow new hairs on bald head .Plz check this link of product. Http://cyberteleshop.Com/hair-building-fiber?	Not sure If there is no Minoxidil in either of these products they will do nothing but be a waste of money. There is a pill called propecia, available by prescription only which does grow hair.
1517476	Nausea, BP 95/70 , dizziness and I have gastritis. Nausea in upper abdomen,constipation. Normal blood count. Is the BP reason for nausea?	Gastritis is the reason for nausea. The BP may make you feel light headed.
1209901	I started having  severe bloating and gas around 9pm. By 11pm, it turned into severe abdominal pain that i can't pin point, but radiates to my back.	See doctor ASAP If you are having severe abdominal pain you need to be seen by a doctor as soon as possible. Go to your local er and get evaluated properly.
1353046	Doctors, please I had protected sex & 2-3 weeks later after shaving, I notice itchy like pimples swellings in my armpit,groin & neck. is it swollen nodes?	See a doctor Without being able to see and feel these there is no way in which to make a diagnosis. See a professional face to face and be examined. Good luck.
1440579	Was stung by wasp yesterday in my forehead. had allergic reaction took Benadryl and shot of steroids but have high fever today?	Recommend seeking further medical attention for high fever.
1271351	My son's almost 13 mo old&has a fever&sore throat. He's been on 3 different antibiotics since 3/16/14 for tonsillitis, uri, & ear infections. Idk what?	Immunity Let him see an immunologist to check his immune system if he is contantly sick.
6677178	3 tiny red spots on the inside of my vaginal lips just underneath my clitorous. No white head, is Itchy then when touched are quite sore. What is this?	Needs eval could be a couple of things, all of which need to be seen to diagnose.
1151506	My skin is peeling on my vagina, it's dry, and itches sometimes, it started at the end of my period, i noticed it around my bottom also, what is this?	Needs exam Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment. Herpes, yeast, vaginal dryness, allergica reactions and other skin disorders are all possiblities.
1549547	Off and on pain in bellybutton and right side. Nausea. Bloating. Rebound pain. Stomach feels harder. Some diarrhea. No fever. Chronic appendicitis?	Could be Get evaluated to rule acute abdomen if you have rebound tenderness
1080986	How common is herpes simplex virus type 1?	HSV 1 In the United States, there are about 500, 000 primary hsv 1 infections each year. Infection is permanent, but rarely serious in the patient with a normal immune system. Most patients are either without symptoms or have mild clinical disease.
882060	I'm 22 weeks pregnant and I have pain in the lower part of my belly button by the pubic hair my bone feels swore is this normal ?	Symphysis parting The point in your pelvis where the pubic bones come together in front called the symphysis has a small cartilage between the two bones that separates slightly late in pregnancy to allow the fetus to descend. It sometimes causes soreness when the head of the baby lies one it. Check with your OB md to be certain.
979174	M57, do you approve usage of nasal decongestant xylometazoline;antiallergic cetirizine;antibiotics as holistic approach to combat resistant flu/cold ?	Not at all Common cold will last approximately one week with treatment and one week with out treatment . If we are talking other issues like sinusitis , allergic rhinitis or bronchitis , it will be another area.
1357900	I found a tick on my ear removed it now it's swollen and itches and burns a lot shoul I use neosporin on it?	Bring tick to MD since you do not know if this is a dog tick or a deer tick you should bring the check if you still have it to your dermatologist and they can send it in to pathology to see what type of ticket is. You can also have Lyme titers drawn now and repeat them in 4 to 6 weeks to be sure you have not contracted this disease. I would not use Neosporin because many people are allergic to it.
394590	Am i pregnant, or do I have an ovarian cyst? Me and my boyfriend had sex the 4th. At least a day or two after, severe pain in my abdominal area, and tender boobs. The pain shoots through my thighs, and lower back. Sometimes my hip hurts too. I  have to pe	A A variety of things could be going on. Yes an ovarian cyst is possible. A urinary tract infection (uti), std's, vaginal infections etc. Are all possible. Pregnancy should be ruled out with a pregnancy test and all the other issues can be investigated by your doctor with simple testing in the office. If your doctor believes you have an ovarian cyst, a special type of ultrasound will be ordered to visualize your ovaries. Best of luck.
6623689	Fell on ice 4.5 weeks ago. Hit arm slightly below elbow on forearm. Sore has healed but area is still very tender. Cannot rest arm on items bc of pain?	Possible fracture Pain that severe after a fall like that is quite suspicious for fracture. Get evaluated with radiographs and a thorough physical exam by your local primary care doc or orthopedic surgeon.
87474	30 years old, have had 102 fever for 3 days with headaches, dizziness, soreness, mild sore throat. Got 2nd part of hep-b vaccine 6 hrs b4 I got sick.?	Viral Your symptoms are not due to the vaccine. It sounds as if you may have the flu.
907245	One side of shoulder blade drops lower than other when hunch forward. Doc says muscle issues/soreness. How would sore muscle cause this?	More info Does this cause you pain? You could just have some asymmetry but could also be a type of scapular winging. I would try shoulder blade strengthening focusing on exercises to squeeze blades together. Also rows and pulldowns. Would not worry much unless having pain.
1151508	My four year old for stomach flu, vomiting and diarrhea, it's going around.  Can i give him promethazine or loperamide?	Maybe Those meds could be used in a child that age but not without speaking to a medical provider first to confirm the necessity and the correct dose. In many cases of stomach flu all that is needed is to maintain fluid balance using the proper replacement fluids. Often all that is needed is water but larger volumes of loss may require electrolyte replacement. Know and look for signs of dehydration.
1330442	At dinner 1 horrible deep stabbing pain directly between breasts in the center of chest.5 seconds duration.Fear cardiac.PCP says heart ok.gas? Muscle?	Spasm Esophageal spasm.
763933	Im 6 weeks pregnant, found pretty big  luteum cyst on my left ovary on ultrasound. Wondering if its dangerous or have any bad effect on my pregnancy?	Not an issue A corpus luteum cyst is normal, indeed necessary, to support early pregnancy. You are doing just fine.
6659014	Forehead headache, neck stiffness, dizziness, brain fog, and chills. Tried Claritin and tylenol, didn't work. What could be causing these symptoms?	Please see an MD could be just upper respiratory tract infection, strep throat or sinus infection, or more generalized viral infection, see your doctor asap or go to urgent care / ER, good luck
6726596	My 14 month daughter woke up with swollen hand. Now it's getting red and kinda bubbling in one spot like if you get bit or burnt.	Swollen Hand It does sound like a bite. A burn would unlikely get swollen that quickly. Keep it clean and use Benadryl for swelling and itching. If it changes color or the swelling gets worse or there is drainage, see her MD for further care. All the best.
238485	I am 10weeks pregnant and I don't feel any pain in my breasts I can't even feel if my belly is growing is it normal? I even did't had any special need	Yes, normal Though some pregnant women have breast tenderness, not all women experience symptoms early on in pregnancy. At ten weeks, your belly would not be expected to be larger than normal, since the baby is still very small. If you haven't already, you should visit an ob/gyn for your first prenatal appointment.
1313517	Trying to conceive,  used ovulation kit- 7 days before period , freq urination, lower cramps, tiredness, could I be pregnant?	Opk usage Use the length of your cycles to determine when to use ovulation predictor kits. Average cycle 28 days. Average ovulation 14 days before the last day of your cycle. So if you have 31 day cycle, count back 14 days to day 17 of your cycle. Start using Opk on day 14, 3 days prior to expected ovulation. When it turns positive, you likely ovulated 1 to 2 days prior. Time intercoure accordingly.
388178	I have a bad cold, sore throat. The doctor gave me amoxicillin and told me to take clarinex and advil. My question is can I take all of these in one day	The The Amoxicillin should be taken two to three times a day, whatever your doctor prescribed. The advil can be taken every 6 hours and the Clarinex once a day. The answer is yes you can take all of these together. I hope you feel better.
6719128	Thank you. The only symptom I have had is chronic diarrhea after I eat for over a year and a slight sore throat. I have not had any fevers or rashes.	See your doctor! chronic diarrhea can be life-threatening if it continues to the point of dehydration. So go see your doctor and see what can be done, as it may as simple as changing your nutrition. So that your diet doesn't include fried foods, junk food, or processed foods. Your gut may have a hard time digesting this, or may be lactose intolerant, or have food allergies that are making your condition worse.
6701981	I have had minor pain and discomfort in my scrotum for about two weeks my testicles do not seem sore it does not hurt when I ejackulate or pee ?	Get examined Unfortunately, amongst other things like infection, testicular cancer is a possibility. Recommend seeing a physician for an examination and possibly an ultrasound.
6666010	ANA+ (1:160 homologous), all other titers NEG (Lupus, RA, vasculitis, etc) Rheum thinks seroneg RA. Morning stiffness, joint/spine/SI pain. Possible?	Yes Trust your rheumatologist or get a second opinion. Lupus is also very possible.
1199617	Pulsatile tinnitus, spasms-cheek, eye, facial fullness, sharp pain or numb. All symptoms intermittent, unilateral rt side. Carotid mra ok. Possibilities?	So When larger arteries blood flow not an issue, think about nerve irritation. Facial nerve trigeminal nerve, should see a neurologist, and good luck!
925316	Experiencing severe inner thigh muscle cramps in both legs. Have spine injury to l5&s1. Have had 2 series of epidural steroid injections.	If pain and cramps Is all you have and no severe leg weakness i would exhaust all conservative treatment options like pt, aqua therapy and injections.
1174282	Can you tell me a foot file/stone/etc and a callous removing lotion?	Many possibilites Make sure the shoes have a high and wide toe-box. You may need a special topical moisturizer, and you may benefit with us of a pumice stone or an emory board. Consult with your podiatrist and determine the best approach for you.
6615172	Hi, I had a full hysterectomy several years ago.  I have been married for nearly 30 years and during sex with my husband there was a horrible smell coming from my vagina.  What could be the cause of this?  Also, how long can it take for semen to fully lea	Here are some ... A 30-yr experience indicates a non-detrimental event; that's great. As to how soon the smell may fade, it would be personally unique due to individual variation in smell sensitivity and specificity. So, your personal repetitive experience should be you most reliable answer to fit your personal situation. Academically, I could have remembered any known study was specifically designed to answer this
898627	Might i still breastfeed with the nipple incision breast augmentation?	Yes, usually I sometimes prefer that approach, and tell patients there is about a 10% chance they will lose the ability to breast feed after surgery. But risk is comparable to infra mammary fold approach, done right, i feel.
528195	I was diagnosed  with bfs normal emg only minor  fasciculations and symptoms are twich spread random and legs pain can it be als?	Unlikely The diagnosis of bfs is a diagnosis of exclusion. If you have been diagnosed with bfs then ALS should have been ruled out . The two are unrelated and one does not develop into the other. It does not mean you can't develop ALS like at equal probability as the general population. Is there is a significant change in symptoms reevaluation would be indicated.
822998	Fast pulse, red blood cells little low, ESR high. Ana positive 1:640 speckled. Up back pain 1 yr blood in stool twice year or so.I do have hemroids?	Possibly The blood in the stool is most likely due to hemorrhoids at your age. All your other symptoms have nothing to do with the hemorrhoids. You need to see your doctor to be examed for hemorrhoids. You may even need a colonoscopy.
661377	Is a displaced meniscus root a diagnosis on a mri? Does this mean tearing of the root? How can it get displaced? Does it cause catching of the knee ?	Meniscal root tear The root is the attachment point of the meniscus on the tibia or shin bone. A meniscal root tear is something that should be treated surgically as it will not heal on its own. I would recommend seeing a orthopedic surgeon specializing in sports medicine for a consultation.
1338538	I have daily nausea, dizzy spells, general weakness, anxiety, hypoglycaemia for 2 years following viral labyrinthitis. No doctor has helped. help!	Difficult. If treated early with antiviral such as Acyclovir,famcyclovir, valacyclovir, these will shorten the viral shedding and may prevent auditory and vestibular damage. Steroids like Methylprednisolone decrease the inflammation and benzodiazepines can also help with anxiety and dizzy spells. Unfortunately, in spite of best efforts ,residual neurological symptoms persist. Symptomatic treatment continues.
6744511	Have had normal colonoscopy/egd/blood/fecal test/ ultrasound/cat scan.Gastro still wants to do smallbowel series. should I? I feel it's unnecessary.	Seems reasonable... You don't say what problem or symptoms you have. But with the extensive work-up so far, it sounds like something serious, like gastrointestinal bleeding or Crohn's disease. If so, or if bleeding was severe, it is crucial to confirm the diagnosis and small bowel series seems reasonable. It's an easy test, a lot less invasive than tests already done. Discuss further with the gastroenterologist.
107957	Will using a nasal spray help treat a deviated septum?	No No, but they may treat nasal congestion.
102943	Congestion, runny nose, sneezing. What symptoms make allergies more likely diagnosis?	Seasonal Agree with dr. S. About the itchy eyes. Also seasonal symptoms or related to the arrival of something new -- like a new pet! no fever. Lasts longer than 2 weeks [common cold lasts less than 14 days, sinus infections can last longer though]. Hope these clues help sort out your mystery.
1026460	Hello.  I have a lot of white stuff on the back of my throat.  Doctor told me not strep and may be viral.  Doesn't white mean bacterial infection?	No You can't tell the difference between a strep throat and a viral sore throat by looking. You have to do the test.
6794251	Could damaged neck/shoulder muscles cause a pain in the back of my head (one side) when I cough or sneeze? Really worried? Thank you	Yes, but it would depend on extent and exact location of damage. Consult with your doctor if pain persists.
6794254	Red rash under belly button after a week of gallbladder surgery? painfully itchy and doesn't go away.	Rash s/p surgery F/U with surgeons may be infection.
863968	Heart rate races if i'm doing nothing but then it goes back to normal feeling sick dizzy sore chest tingly arm numb mouth feeling week what's wrong ?	See you doctor This may or may not be normal. Talk to your doctor- you need an ekg or even a 4 hour holter monitor. If you have crushing chest pain- go to the er.
338403	Causes for burning stomach with constipation burning bowel movement and fatigue.I also have bowel movement after meal.I have hick ups and gas prob to?	Burning Too many conditions to simplify this. See a gastroeneterologist.. Some conditions are discussed at http://www.Healthhype.Com/burning-anus-rectum-burning-sensation-after-a-bowel-movement.Html.
1397631	Swollen lymph nodes for 6 months, lost 20 lbs since January 2014. Diagnosed with Raynaud's, muscle & joint pain, extreme fatigue. Positive ANA twice.	Not a happy body. .. U need 2 C a specialist in autoimmune diseases, internist or rheumatologist. Swollen lymph nodes is worrisome. @ Ur age get this diagnosed fast, don't put it off. A good hematologic workup is also needed.
1427978	Chest tightness pain in the back pain in the upper part of my legs just above my knees noshes tired just not feeling good over all?	? flu Your symptoms are nonspecific and can be from multiple causes. A potential unifying diagnosis would be a flu-like illness. Consider seeing your primary physician, keeping fluids up and multivitamins.
710779	Which treatment should I seek if any for hypochondriasis?	Psychotherapy Psychotherapy is the usual way to investigate emotional problems.
1474704	I am experiencing burning aching pains in my right forearm. Pain goes from elbow to finger tips and forearm is swollen down to hand . ?	See details Then see your doctor or either a rheumatologist or orthopedist and have the issue evaluated.
1352888	Can sciatic pain come and go for months?  Chiro says that's what it is.Random Pain throughout leg, groin foot. Crampy achy shooting tingling sore.	Yes. If your symptoms are not improving, you should get a medical evaluation, because there are causes of pain other than sciatica such as pelvic or spinal infection or tumors.
389283	Can you spread the herpes virus through everyday activity not including sexual contact i recently found out i had the herpes virus. I have a 5 month old. I did not have it while pregnant. I have contracted it since being pregnant and I am worried i haven'	Cold Cold sores or fever blisters are caused by herpes simplex virus type 1 (hsv-1) and are extremely common. Most people become infected as an infant or small child when kissed or by sharing eating utensils with an adult who has the virus. The virus is most contagious when someone has a cold sore, but can still be passed along by someone who does not. Many people do not even know that they are infected because the virus can "hide out" in the nerve cells for very long periods of time - for some people it hides out forever and they never get a cold sore. For others, the virus can "wake up" and that's when a cold sore happens. No one knows exactly what causes a cold sore to appear - sometimes stress, illness, fevers, colds, sunlight, cold weather, menstruation, certain foods, allergies, you name it! they usually last 7-10 days and are more of an annoyance than a danger unless you have a weakened immune system or contract a bacterial infection on top of the cold sore. Now, if you are concerned about genital herpes (typically caused by hsv-2, but can be caused by hsv-1), then your child's risk of catching it is extremely low if you contracted it after delivering her. It is spread through skin to skin contact of the infected area, so as long as she is not in contact with your genitals (like during delivery), she should be fine.
1493460	2 periods missed,  now increased extreme pain in lower belly and back, discharge and nausea. What could it be if not pregnancy? 4 neg pregnancy tests.	Medical Evaluation Other causes of lower abdominal pain are ovarian cyst (ruptured or not), pelvic inflammatory disease, kidney stone,urinary tract infection and appendicitis. You need a medical evaluation and get this done immediately.
1352881	I've been bloated since my last period and i had unprotected sex, is it possible i can be pregnant? I have tender breast craving and hard lower abdomen	You tell us You have not shared your sexual, menstrual, or most importantly ovulatory history. Physicians will never, EVER, guess when it comes to pregnancy. If you have missed a period then you must test. If you have not missed a period your symptoms do not represent pregnancy. They also do not rule out pregnancy. Once a period is delayed or missed a pregnancy test is the next step.
30690	What is the recovery timeline for arthroscopic knee surgery?	Causes painfull knee If without repair usually very rapid max is two weeks. If repair is done it take six weeks to be able to recover. If knee remains warm and painful there is three common cause. Low thyroid, gout , or rheumatoid arthritis. Do tsh(needs to be below 2.0), rf, and uric acid(needs to be below 6.0).
463884	Heart or anxiety or hernia six hours ago, racing heart, tightness in chest, sever, back pain, headache, nausea.  Chest pain is  still presnet.?	Or more With those symptoms, you need to immediately see a dr and not be looking online for help. Your life may be in immediate danger.
333187	I have missed period 
feeling very sleepy and tired
some times little backache 
am i pregnant
?	Maybe See your obgyn for a blood pt and an ultrasound.
1425199	Infected tooth almost down to the bone removed 3 weeks ago back molar still swollen gland under jaw 3 diff anti biotics not responsive no other sympto?	Broken molar root? Need a dental x-ray. Molar root often breaks off after extraction and is buried in the gum.
1306169	Unprotected sex 3x during fertile week now 3 days before due period I have milky white discharge! am i pregnant? Or what?	More testing needed Unprotected sex places you at risk for pregnancy as well as sexually transmitted infections (sti). Testing for both would be advisable, although pregnancy testing is more accurate once the period has already been missed.
350078	I had a knee replacement one year ago and currently, I do not have a patella. What could be causing my pain?	See your doctor Problems like these can only be correctly handled by your doctor in person. He/she needs to listen to you, perform an examination and possibly run labs or other tests. That's the only way he/she can find out what's going on and what to do about it.
508377	Is a IgG quantitative test same as the serum protein electrophoresis test?	It is more specific A serum protein electrophoresis looks at the levels of all the different proteins in your blood but doesn't identify them. The igg test looks at one of these proteins specifically. Your igg proteins are important for fighting infections and therefore low levels may make you more vulnerable to infection.
1533600	I have a cavity on the tooth where my wisdom tooth was impacted.  Can I have a filing now? Two and a half week old extraction.	See dentist Best recommendation is to have the area re-evaluated and make sure healing is complete.
6758587	I been havin bad headaches that come w/ severe nausea and sometimes vomiting They last from 3 to 4 days and even longer any ideas that would cause it?	Sounds like Migraine is most likely answer. Runs in families, and you have likely inherited. Can be prevented by both prescription, and OTC preps. We can assist further via InBox Consult or Concierge appt.
354766	My period is 14 days late, urine and blood test~ negative. Lower back pain, swollen breasts....I feel pregnant. Is it possible for me to pregnant?	Yes Test again in another week.
1348532	Does melanoma contine to grow and change on skin.  Just had mole removed dr feels aytipical no changes at least in last 2 years and seen four derms (6mth screenings) rounded flat dark brown 5-6mm mole?	Moles If you are being followed regularly by deem then you are in good hands. Would not worry.
408131	Hi i want to no is it possible for me to have tonsillitis and an ear infection because my throat hurt and is red I am having trouble swallowing  and i had a bad fever earler	Yes Yes it could be tonsillitis, but more likely a severe throat infection (strep) which can also affect our ear. See your physician to have this evaluated as soon as possible.
1286024	I been having lower back & stomach cramps lighter than period cramp my breast are sore and i been feeling nauseas my boyfriend what me to be pregnant?	Pregnancy signs You may be pregnant. Do home pregnancy tests to find out. They are very reliable. If pregnant , call your doctor.
1286026	Can an IgG indicate a current infection or does it usually mean the infection is past and now shows immunity? I am IgG pos and IgM neg for toxo	Antibodies Igg means a past exposure and igm would be an acute infection.
1275695	Wells score for DVT = low. Elevated d-dimer. Negative compression ultrasound of entire leg. Still have cramping in calf. Should i be concerned?	Reassuring An elevated d-dimer is very nonspecific. Having a low wells score and a negative lower extremity ultrasound is very reassuring that you do not have a dvt.
1258255	Could i take a oxycodone/ tylenol if i took a flexeril and cymbalta a few hours ago ? Just started the cymbalta yesterday !  and i'm still hurting bad	Yes If it has been prescribed for you. Best wishes.
1112668	My friend has a small pimple looking bump on the lip of her vagina. If it is gential warts or herpes will the bump go away without treatment?	Maybe be neither I think a visit to the dermatologist or gynecologist is in order.
1537655	My right tonsil is swollen and it hurts to drink cold stuff or swallow. My throat is also sore. What could be wrong?	Possible viral or bacterial infection. For significantly sore throat w swollen tonsils / lymph nodes  see physician & get a strep throat test & culture. Antibiotics are imperative for Strep Throat. Try saltwater gargles. Mix tsp of salt in 8 oz of warm water  gargle several times/day. You can gargle w Aloe Vera juice a couple of times per day. A mix of chamomile tea w honey & a small amt of lemon juice helps.
383089	What  are  white flakes coming from the vagina? I have white flakes in my vagina so i thought it was a yeast infection so i took Monistat 7 to clear it up but the white flakes are still there!	Yeast Yeast infections are often accompanied by cottage-cheese looking discharge and intense itching. If you have those symptoms it may still be a yeast infection and you may need further treatment. If you are at all worried about any type of sexually-transmitted infection please be tested as these can cause permanent damage to the fallopian tubes. Also please be sure your pap smear is up to date. As your symptoms have persisted i advise that you have a complete gynecological evaluation. If you have pain, fever, vomiting, or discharge with color to it then you would need an emergency evaluation.
1142319	Peeing blood! i had doc  appt on monday! was check for kidney bladder UTI infec, was normal. Also had ultrasound on kidney bladder it was fine no pain?	Urologist consult If non -invasive imaging like ultrasound failed to discover the source of bleeding, the urologist might need to be consulted to perform cystoscopy - procedure when they can look inside and do special x rays, or may decide to do computer tomography.
669389	Hoping you can tell me, is needle biopsy of the breast painful?	Biopsy These are performed under local anesthesia. There may be mild dis fort, but the procedure is generally well tolerated.
6647227	I have knocked knees is there any excersizes to align my knees? they crack each time i bend them or squat my knees and ankles touch when i closemylegs	Knocked kneed This condition cannot be corrected by exercises alone. Inserts in shoes are used to help improve the condition but neither can cure the condition. Seeing an orthopedist to get evaluated and getting options for treatment would help you get the best corrective course.
1462658	I have ended my period earlier than usual.i ttc on 1aug.After AF 2days later I have uterus cramp like AF till now and white clear discharge n gassy y?	Do a preg test if your test is positive, see your doc around 6 weeks for an ultrasound. if negative, be patient.
834922	Urgent:severe headache 4th day bp155/104 dizziness and nausea  feel like needles pricking at my heart  go to er? Hist:hbp palps and tachy	Yes. That kind of problem needs to evaluated in person. Urgent care might be a good start. Could be migraine.
856116	My ultrasonography report says
1.Bulky uterus 2.Suggestive of left ovarian hemorrhagic cyst.*i had also cut my right ovary forcyst.What shouldi do nw?	Ultrasound It appears you may have a fibroid uterus or adenomyosis within the uterus. Those are the things that can cause the bulky uterus. The hemorrhagic cyst may be an endometrioma or you ovulated recently. What to do depends on whether you are trying to get pregnant or control the symptoms.
633858	I had a lump in my left breast about 7 months ago and i had a mammogram the doctor said it was nothing lately it has enlarged significantly ?	Plz C Breast Surgeon While a normal mammogram is reassuring, as many as 10% of cancers will not be seen by mammography. Therefore, if you have a palpable lump, you should be seen by a breast surgeon. Using a combination of physical examination, ultrasound, +/- biopsy, they will get to the bottom of this. Don't delay!
1333498	My nose wont stop burning , is there anyway I can make this go away? Its also a companyed by chest congestion and sneezing.	Nose,chest congestio It is necessary to determine the diagnosis or cause of your symptoms in order to help you get over your illness. You may have an allergy or asthma like symptoms. See your doctor about an examination.
64980	Can a bee sting on the finger cause swollen eyes after 2 days?	I dont think so... If its confined just to the eyes.
327111	Doctors hear his(age27)heart murmur.But EKG and hearth ultrasound are normal.He hasno symptoms.Should we concern?What are the risks and causes ofhm?	No concern Work up sounds normal by your description. No further evaluation is needed. No cause for concern.
93454	I have: trouble swallowing with red bumps in my throat, fever of 101 for one day, coughing, nasal runoff, and nasal and mouth congestion. 6 days sick.?	Could be a strep Could be strep throat or a viral infection. Your doctor may decide to give an abx after checking.
93453	What is the following symptoms: mild trouble swallowing, coughing, nasal runoff, nasal congestion, a 101 fever for one night, and an irritated throat?	URI Upper respiratory infection.
1070572	When i exercise my chest i feel a sensation as if something was stuck in my sternum. Echo, ekg, stress test, holter came back clear what's the cause ?	Costochondritis Inflammation of the cartilage at the joints between your ribs and sternum. Very common condition in young otherwise healthy people.
1361087	What to do if I had arthroscopic knee surgery for a torn meniscus 7 months ago and my knee feels the same it did before surg?	Likely arthritis Hi, Arthroscopic surgery to treat meniscus tear can vary greatly from young athletes with isolated tears and older patients with arthritis. At 50 yrs old you may have some arthritis in your knee and arthroscopic surgery will usually not help much with that type of pain. It is reserved to help with mechanical pain such as locking and catching. You will need to discuss this with your orthopedic doc.
6683706	Is it possible to have negative hcg test when i m 13 days late and still be pregnant? Is the blood result 100% reliable?	Nearly 100% Almost nothing is 100% but if the blood test for HCG is negative at 13 days after a missed period, it is very unlikely that you are pregnant.
926153	Suddenly, my armpit hair and leg hair is growing in very patchy. Like, bald spots. But all of my thyroid bloodwork came back normal. Possible causes?	It depends/ nonspec. This seems like a nonspecific sign. It might depend on what products, if any, you might use to groom those areas. For example, if waxing or heat grooming instruments are used, the roots might be removed and the hair may take real long to or may never grow back. Stress might also be a reason, as might your gastroenteritis. If it gets worse, see your doctor. Good luck.
513509	Can brain tumor cause aches and tingling to whole body also sleep disturbnces i wake up evey 3 hour.Did spine MRI blood neuro eye tests al ok anxiety?	Brain tumor Is very serious condition , i hope u don;t have it . .If u have these synpotoms , make sure u discuss it with u physician.
1494472	I have small white puss filled bumps on my vagina, They bumps are on top the pubic are and they do not hurt. Also have fishy smell and itching?	Two issues #1 you may have a vaginal bacterial infection that may need Rx by a MD(musky (fishy smell). # 2 The pubic hair bumps need to be checked by a MD to determine exactly what they are.
1073001	Please tell me if you can have a wisdom tooth pulled with a cavity while awake?	YES I remove wisdom teeth that are impacted or erupted routinely with just local anesthesia. You may feel a little pressure or hear a little noise if the surgeon needs to make a ditch around the tooth to make room to elevate it but that is all. Talk to your surgeon.
6708310	I've pcos, I got a cyst over R. ovary, it ruptured, it came back this month,during my period I got ultrasound it's gone,ovary is enlarged a lot+pain ?	Metabolic Syndrome! You need to keep your insulin low. Metabolic syndrome includes PCOS in women. Pre-eclampsia and worse are around the corner if you get pregnant.. Your doc needs to consider metformin Rx. You need to cut carbs and sugar!
1519831	Lightheaded, sore at base of skull pain in neck Aswell as stiffness. Sometimes pain inbetween shoulder blades. Happend after working out ?	Muscular strain/ER This does sound like strain of the poster neck muscles ( sternocleidomastoid ) and the inter scapular muscles from overuse or overloading; however head and neck pain with associated severe neck stiffness, nausea, vomiting, or weakness should be evaluated in the ER-ASAP-an examination is necessary.
6653270	For the last 3 days persistent light headed feeling, dizziness, and tingling in lips/extremities. Periodic nausea but no other symptom. 29yo female?	Many possibilities you need to see your physician. There are medical issues that can explain your symptoms.
1494478	Could a Hida scan and Ct scan miss something wrong with the gallbladder? Upper right quadrant pain. Normal lab values for liver kidneys and pancreas?	Here are some ... After exhausting the studies for pain resulting in good report, it's time to expand the concern beyond abdominal and pleural cavities to musculoskeletal or nueromuscular origins, Generally speakig, a keen professional analysis on the onset, degree, duration, interval, evolution, and progress of pain & its related symptoms over time + physicals should be able to pinpoint to what may be the culprit.
1492337	Unexplained small bruises, fatigue, nausea, diarrhea, weakness, weightloss, headaches, night sweats, occasional upper abd pain, dizziness, body hurts	Go and see a doctor How long have your symptoms been present? Since you have generalized complaints (night sweats, body ache) and multiple body systems involved (skin,GI) The differential diagnosis is broad - autoimmune, infectious, blood disorders, cancers. No point wasting time on online speculation. Please go and see a doctor.
309587	Have pcos (ttc), 4 days late on my period.Getting a spot of blood (once)with white discharge for 2 days.Cramping, tender breasts, neg hpt.
Pls advice.?	Keep trying There are many causes of cramping and tender breasts, but if your home pregnancy test is negative, that is a reliable indicator you are not currently pregnant. A white discharge might be a sign of a vaginal infection, so you should get that checked out.
508768	I have a numbness in my left foot and a mild numbness in my left leg. What could this be related to? I woke up with pins and needles in my foot .	Back problem It could be due to a back problem with pressure on the nerve called a ridiculopathy. , .
6697180	I ve started weight lifting about 2 week.my goal is to gain muscle. Is it safe to take ceratine beside whey protein?I have gastritis and minor anxiety	Creatine helpful?? Re Athletic performance: Many factors seem to influence the effectiveness of creatine, including the fitness level and age of the person using it, the type of sport, and the dose. Creatine does not seem to improve performance in aerobic exercises, or benefit older people. Also, creatine does not seem to increase endurance or improve performance in highly trained athletes. I don't recommend it.
6714187	I had unprotected sex and right after it felt itchy when I peed. My inner vagina lips itch a couple days after and my eyes are red. Partner itches too	Symptoms I STRONGLY encourage you to see your provider. We can now screen for many sexually transmitted diseases with a urine sample only. These are highly accurate. You could also potentially have a urinary tract infection which if left untreated could progress to a serious illness.
808946	Have middle ear infection with perforated eardrum.Waiting to see ent. How long to heal?Can i still swim train with cap and earplugs?	Weeks to Months The perforation may heal in a few weeks, or may take up to a few months. Some perforations require intervention. This may take the form of a paper patch to promote healing (a simple procedure by an ear, nose and throat specialist), or surgery. However, in some cases, the perforation can last several years and will be unable to heal naturally.
36732	Is it possible for muscles around the knee to be trained to be strong enough to compensate for a torn acl?	No The ACL is the primary restraint that prevents the shin bone (tibia) from sliding forward from beneath the thigh bone (femur). When the ACL is torn you develop unwanted pathologic anterior knee instability. The hamstrings are the secondary restraints. Strengthening them will minimize but not eliminate anterior knee instability following an ACL tear.
1496659	girlfriend finished her 1st pack  of lo loestrin fe regularly taken,  had sex for a few seconds,  we decided against it. pregnancy chance? (No condom)	Careful Not clear what is meant by "finished her 1st pack". Birth control pills are most effective with continuing use around the same time every day, not just used for one pack. Often, back-up contraception is recommended during the first month of use. Pre-ejaculate can contain sperm, so pregnancy is possible even before full ejaculation.
522827	Had tubes tied 4 yrs ago, very regular periods late 12 days, sore breasts, fatigue, period cramps on and off...Could i be pregnant or ovarian cyst?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility in these cases. Take a home pregnancy test. If it's negative, repeat it in a week and see your doctor.
1276259	Hit the top of my head at work. I have a chronic migraine, the top of my nose is hurting and my eyes feel swollen. I don't have a history of migraines?	Headaches that are Similar to migraine can occur after head trauma, even mild head trauma. See your doctor to discuss treatment and to also ensure that nothing more serious is the case.
1603119	Dizziness, numbness in head and sometimes hands , a bit of chest tightness attacks that have been going in for about two weeks ?	Need check up sounds like angina . see a physician
1423453	Every time I eat or drink anything I get abdominal pain, then I have diarrhea or vomit with in 5 minutes, & I cant vomit bending I have to be upright?	Does not sound right This is not normal and should be evaluated. Diet does not typically cause immediate diarrhea and so I am puzzled. Your other symptoms may be due to some obstructive process but you will require testing for that. In the meantime you need to maintain adequate fluid and caloric intake.
1367393	I lose my balance, fall, feel light-headed and sometimes faint. Had a heart MRI, brain MRI, blood tests and all came back normal.What's up?	Balance Falling is a concern because it can lead to injury. If lots of tests do not show the reason, it may be a medication you use. Side effects of some medications include imbalance, and that would not show up on any tests. There are other possible causes that will not show up on MRI also. You should consider a movement disorder neurologist, as they also have experience with many balance disorders.
619316	By me having endometriosis really bad and also cysts (chocolate cyst) surgery was needed along with having 1 ovary removed, can I hve still hve kids?	Yes..... however... The more severe the endometriosis, the more likely there can be some scarring of the tubes. As well, just having endometriosis can cause a decrease in fertility. Having said that however, many women with endometriosis successfully get pregnant and have uncomplicated pregnancies. As well, the pain of endometriosis goes away during pregnancy.
1290731	My 16 month old is taking keflex for UTI and has red bumps all over but it isn't bothering him. Should i stop the treatment?	RED bumps Sounds like a drug allergy. His Keflex should be stopped and his doctor notified.
6760434	Hi doctor. I am allergic to ibuprofen but a clinic i regularly go to gave me Pontalon that contains mefenamic acid instead. Now my eyes are swollen. ?	Discontinue med Pontalon is for mild pain or menstral cramps. If you are allergic to ibuprofen, you may also be allergic to Pontalon. follow up with your doctor for alternative therapy and try cold compresses to lids and benadryl for swellng and itching.
1183626	I was treated for trich & a UTI about a week ago. 2000 Flagyl and a little bag of amoxicillin. I now have lime green clumpy discharge. What is it?	Vaginal discharge Sounds like lime green clumpy discharge of unknown etiology. All kidding aside, this can only be accurately diagnosed after being seen and possibly cultured. There are several bacteria, including pseudomonas (which is resistant to what you have taken) that can produce secondary overgrowth infections. In order to clear it up it may have to be cultured and examined under a microscope. Good luck.
1555950	Burning sensation that started in my head now spreading to my neck, back chest and arm. What could be  no rash. Feels inside my body. Worsening.	Could be nerve pain See your doctor for a thorough history and physical exam. Best of luck!
1172048	I blng to india i hav 2 much hair growth on my hands legs & pubic rgn is it k if i wax dem coz here docs say waxing result to stp heght growth?	No Waxing would not reduce or induce hair growth.
572644	My chest, under the ribs, and abdomen/lower back feel like they are expanding. It is worse when i drink beer. Many muscles also ache in legs and arms.	Get examined. This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
1157600	I have a really sore throat with a big squishy lump in the back right hand side. It hurts to swallow. What could it be?	Need exam You could be describing a tonsillitis or associated condition. You should see a doctor for medical treatment.
985037	Can a man have bumps on the head of his penis and not be an std?	Pearly penile papule In all likelihood these are pearly penile papules and are not considered abnormal. There is no "treatment" necessary if this is determined to be the case. You may want to show your physician to be certain.
303607	Can an increase in IgG + IgA proteins in the blood (serum) cause an overflow and therefore protein in the urine?	If kidney diseased.. Kidneys can leak protein if the kidneys are diseased. Proteinuria is a very sensitive predictor of development of progressive renal insufficiency, particularly when looking at high molecular weight proteins such as immunoglobulin g (igg), as predictors of chronic kidney disease progression. In some cases, mild proteinuria can occur without kidney disease.
278575	Im on celexa, I have been on it for almost 25 days. One of the side affects is insomnia. I got trazadone, but im  still not sleeping as as I used to. What are more ways to sleep well? Help!	Celexa Since u r on 2 antidepressants and assuming they are helping your depression, it is best to work with what u r taking , under advisement from your doctor, and maximize the dose instead of adding another medicine or switching. One idea is taking Celexa in morning & trazodone up to 300mg. At bedtime. Discuss with your doctor.
278570	Please educate ppl on the fact that everyone who've had chicken pox as a child already have the shingles virus. They can't catch shingles! thank you?	Can't catch Shingles Shingles is a reactivation of the chicken pox virus. If you have never ever had chicken pox or the chicken pox vaccination you can catch chicken pox by direct contact of a shingles lesion. You can not catch shingles.
1376469	What causes a 10 second feeling of tightness and pressure at the top inside of left breast and sternum?PCP says not heart. Fear cardiac problem!	Few other options esophagus spasms can do this as can breast pathology. one simple way to tell if its ur heart is to press the chest area and if it hurts, its not you heart, except in one condition-pericarditis, which is inflammation of the lining capsule of the heart. But you have to press deeper, instead of a surface press. otherwise anxiety is another consideration as this causes adrenaline and cortisol rushes.
1595563	When taking Amethia birth control,is it okay to take a vitamin supplement containing vitamin C,B2,B6,B12,Zinc, and folic acid?If so how much daily(mg)	Pre-natal vitamins A preparation of pre-natal vitamins will cover all the bases and you will have all the ingredients in one pill at the right dose. See this site for more information. http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/prenatal-vitamins
6751070	I'm 25w pregnant & my vagina is itching no weird discharge ! I was fine but after having sex 2 weeks ago i felt a bit burning & now itching come & go?	Probably yeast infec probably it is a yeast infection as women are more prone to yeast infection when pregnant. Try OTC yeast med like monistat
1520313	My feet are in severe pain and also sometimes itchy. The tips of the toes, the ball of the foot, and heel are extremely tender. No redness or swelling?	Be seen There are multiple potential causes including an abnormality in the feet themselves verses a vascular, rheumatologist, or neurological disorder. A detailed exam and appropriate studies can likely determine the cause. Don't hesitate to be seen.
213851	Is it possible that after the surgery for carpal tunnel syndrome about the wrist I suffered suffered nerve damage?	Yes Rarely the nerve is injured during surgery. You need to get a second opinion from a hand surgeon.
1390920	Went ER for chest pains on left side did Ekg and ECG for three hours and chest xray and blood test everything perfect what could this be?	Costochondritis Could be inflammation of cartilage of ribs or pleurisy, that is inflammation of the lining of your lungs.
6608996	Sharp l. flank pain since 1.1.15, nausea, extreme fatigue, headaches, mid/lower rq abdominal pain since 16:30 today. Avoiding ER like plague. Any idea?	Flank pain - kidneys It seems like the pain may have moved from L to R side. Generally, flank pain points to a problem in the kidneys; in the absence of signs of an infection (fever, etc.) I think the most likely cause is kidney stones. While 1 may have bothered the left kidney for a while, another 1 formed in the right & moved down (trying to pass), but got stuck. TTYD & ask to see a Urologist. Best of luck, thanks.
1441655	I have indigestion and achy chest. Norm stress test and EKG last year. I get sharp pain in the mid sternum too. Worried.	Most likely GERD Good thing you had Normal Stress test. If you do not get Chest pain while Exercising; chances are this pain NOT com in from Heart. If you get mid sternum pain after you eat, in supine position , associated with sour taste in mouth at times, It is because of Acid Reflux. Rx Pepcid and Omeprazole is good. Avoid eating 3 hours prior to bedtime and Avoid Spicy food. Get checked for Gall Stone !
6646681	4 week pregnancy, continuous left lower abdominal pain for hours, is there any other explanation than ectopic? Is it too early for ultrasound to locate the embryo?	Go to emergency There are many other explanations besides ectopic, however an ectopic pregnancy can be life threatening. You need to go to Emergency right away and make sure there is no ectopic pregnancy.
613641	Constant throbbing and tenderness under right rib also belching and ache in right shoulder. What is this?	Gallstones ? Possibilities include gallstones, peptic ulcer or kidney stones. Would need an office consultation to confirm. Pain in shoulder could be radiating inflammation from the diaphragm.
613646	Could a ruptured ovarian cyst caused blood clot in leg (dvt)?	If your cyst Was treated with hormones there may be an association. Hormone therapy can increase risk of dvt.
1408173	Sudden intolerance to alcohol. Chills, nausea, diarrhea after 1-2 drinks. Had egd/colonoscopy, blood,and fecal test found nothing.could i be allergic?	A blessing Given all the ill-effects of alcohol you should consider this a blessing and refrain from alcohol intake.
295694	I have pain & swelling n left side. Had a blood clot heart attack n spleen 2yrs ago. Also feel like shot n shoulder & nausea/dizzines. Worried?	Go to er Sounds urgent go to er.
1578239	I have severe Rib pain and Nausea feeling at the bottom of my breast bone, I have not had any fall or any obvious reasons for this to have occurred?	See your doctor Sometimes it is difficult to tell where the pain is coming from. From what you are describing it is possible that you might have an irritation of your stomach lining i. e. gastritis or Gerd, both of which can cause pain in the area as well as nausea.if the pain is from your ribs, you need to get at least an x-ray of the ribs. Good luck to you!
1422507	I am experiencing itchy pinkish bald spots on my scalp that are very sore and tender, red itchy pimple like bumps on my scalp. I continue to lose hair	Hair loss See your doctor for evaluation and treatment. It sounds like you have either a fungal infection or something else that could be treated.
83479	Why does my knee hurt when I walk  7 months after arthroscopic surgery?	Let me explain When you have the surgery for cartilage tear, you could also some arthritis in the knee that could the cause of the pain, check with the surgeon for to see if they found any changes in the joint during the arthroscopy.
6689236	How can I deal with a loved one's hypochondriasis without sounding dismissive of his complaints? (other than suggesting therapy, which I have)..	Treat with Love Listening is a great way to demonstrate caring. The core of a hypochondriasis is fear--recognize the fear and support your love one in finding peace and acceptance of fear as a part of life. Go for counseling together--with the idea of supporting your loved one on the journey of seeking freedom from the fear. Love and support with encouragement is the best medicine.
939779	I am 2 months late 4 period, sexually active. Took pregnancy test 2 weeks ago, was neg. Is the cause more likely stress? Do i need to see dr for this?	Possible Reasons for Missed periods: v body weight, obesity, marked weight ^ or v, over-exercise, endurance athletics, breast-feeding, ^ stress, illness, eating disorders (bulimia or anorexia), anovulatory cycle, travel, hormone irregularities, drug use, meds (i. e., birth control) or medical problems. #1 reason is pregnancy. If no period x 3 mo's s then it would be important to see dr (or before for other sxs).
1599409	Is it normal sometimes(once a year) to have sharp bladder pain after urination?  Or is it bcause of kidney stones?(2-3mm)	Unlikely it is unlikely that a 2 to 3 mm stone in your kidney is giving you any symptoms at all. Just specially unlikely is giving any bladder symptoms since it is a long way from your bladder. Occasional discomfort after voiding or at the end of urination as infrequently as you describe is certainly not unusual.
6720862	I have a small mole at my armpit. I went yesterday to Elos (photoepil) and now it looks dark and burned. Is it dangerous? Should I see a dermatologist	Watch Keep it clean and apply neosporin. Avoid the sun. If it looks just as bad see your doctor. All the best.
269322	Is it common to develop joint pains in the ankles, knees, and elbows after taking statins for 2 years or more?	Yes This is one of the side effects of statins- check with your physician to try a different cholesterol medication.
1189078	Why would all my teeth start hurting for absolutely no reason? I go to the dentist regularly. Lasted only 10mins & then gone?! thanks:-)	Vague Could be several triggers- clenching of teeth (during day, ) grinding of the teeth (nighttime, ) gum disease, what you eat, etc. I would get another opinion.
6681039	Could neck problems cause dizziness? Ct scan of brain,blood work,and heart monitor all normal need some help on what it could be please help	Many reasons There are many reasons for being dizzy. The neck is one of those causes. If you are physically active then an injury to the vertebral artery or the carotid artery could present in this fashion. Ear trouble also could cause these symptoms. Everyone forgets about the sinuses such as sphenoid sinusitis. Blood pressure variation all are possibly. Best to talk to your doctor
1248811	Baby is 12m old and i just noticed little pea size lumps in her neck running up from her collar bone to jaw on both sides. Shes not been ill recently.	Take child to doctor What you describe may be lymph nodes which enlarge in response to an inflammation in parts of the body. It will be wise to let a physician take a look and determine the cause in this case.
698055	Hi doc I've had aching muscle and joints for 2 weeks with nausea . Aches started in inner thigh almost close to groin . Then throbbin behind left knee?	Clots or muscle brea Concern is for blood clot u also have to consider muscle breakdown are there any new medications like statins or steroids? You should see yourdoctor.
991815	Every time my partner and I have sex he gets itchy, red, flakey testicles the next day. I'm on antibiotics and have white vaginal discharge. Whatthis?	Probably yeast It would be common for you to develop an overgrowth of yeast in your vagina as a result of the antibiotics. You may have no symptoms, but the white discharge is common when there is yeast in the vagina. That yeast would cause the irritation your partner has experienced. If you get treated for yeast, his symptoms will probably resolve.
1601512	I have taken 1mg of xanex is it OK to take half a dose of nyquil severe for my cold?	Ok at your age they may be additive, but not dangerous. If you were elderly there would be more to consider.
587715	Can i get chlamydia or gonorrhea from kissing someone who has it in their throat or mouth?	No These are not passed by kissing. Why would you kiss someone you know has gonorrhea and chlamydia though?
1052418	I have been taking minocycline 75mg twice daily for acne. I was recently told by a previous sexual partner that she has chlamydia. Should i worry?	Minocycline As long as you have been taking Minocycline twice daily for a week, chlamydia should not be a problem.
194406	Singulair pill ok for adult asthma?	Yes Singulair is often added to an exixting regimen of controller and rescue inhalers. On occasion, this may be used as monotherapy but it appears more effective when used with other drugs.
841420	How can I clean my throat? It's like there is something clogging up, each time m y neck is not well positioned i find it difficult to breath& snoring	Chronic throat issue Holding ones head forward ( forward head posture) stains the muscles that support the head. These muscles in spasm reduce the airway, contributing to restricted breathing and therefore snoring. Seeing a chiropractor or osteopath to evaluate your neck and a dentist to evaluate your bite can help to stabilize your neck and diminish your problems.
493944	What STD causes grey discharge, red, burning, itchy, swollen vagina?	Many possibilities See an ob/gyn doctor and have the discharge examined. If this is related to a sexually transmitted disease you may need extensive further testing. Hope you feel better soon.
1427362	I got stung by a wasp on my finger yesterday it Only swelled a little. Today it's swollen Even worse what to do?	Keep calm Apply warm compresses for the pain and swelling about 3-4 times a day for about 20 minutes each time . May also take ibuprofen for pain and swelling . Things should be getting better in a few days . If it is becoming more painful , continues to swell , you have any purulent discharge , decrease sensation, finger turn blue/purple , cold or clammy , then you must see a doctor immediately
1430864	I have never had a reg period- three days ago I started w/ brown discharge- breast soreness and lower left back pain.today I have slight red discharge?	Yes This could be your period. Rule out pregnancy if you are not on contraceptives
6641505	My 4 year old is on antibiotics for an ear infection she will finish on the 22, I'm worried she has a sinus infection, during the day she is fine, at night she gets a dry slightly flemmy cough, should she go back in or ride it out ?	Maybe Most sinus infections in kids will be the same germs as their ear infections. It would be unusual for sinusitis to develop while a kid was on treatment, but it might happen. That might also indicate the ear infection would not be responding.If she's acting sick, re-eval, if stable, ride it out.
491976	I have very small bumps under the head of my penis what could it be? Does genital warts hurt?	See PCP Skin lesions are difficult to diagnose without being seen. Might be genital warts (condylomata) or a condition called pearly penile papules, a benign condition. http://pearlypenilepapulestreatments.org/pearly-penile-papules/.
83035	What can I do to fix this crackling sound from my knees when I do squats and lunges?	Knees Adjust the type of lunges, how far down you squad or do a different type of excercise. Crackling sounds many times does not correlate with a pathologic process. As we get older we knee to modify how we excercise and still get great physical fitness and health.
1551209	Have 3-4 small pimples near vagina. Small, a little red, white heads for 4-5 days. Don't hurt unless poked. Concerned about herpes, tested neg in June?	Herpes Without being able to see these pimples and examine you there is no way in which to diagnose this. Do not know how you were tested for herpes in June and that is important, but it is possible you were infected since then. See a gynecologist and have this examined.
1159067	Hit in the knee with puck bruised swollen and painful shoots pain into leg every time i walk even more so during stairs should I be seen?	Yes Please see your doctor for treatment.
6741288	So last week I started to break out in a heat rash. But now they look like ant bites blister n puss and very itchy. What can do?	ITCHY ANT BITES WHAT CAN YOU DO? YOU CAN SEE YOUR DOCTOR, OR BETTER YET, CHECK IN WITH A DERMATOLOGIST.
1441906	Shiny, large painful bump on labia majora that popped w/ blood and pus. Feels like a large ball/mass underneath. ?	Probably a bartholin cyst warm compresses and possibly an antibiotic needed see your GYN
585712	My inner ears and throat are itchy. Throat is really red and a bit swollen. Allergies? Acid reflux? What can I take?	Prob allergies If the inner ears are itchy, it is probably allergies. A sore throat can be both from acid reflux and allergies. Try an over the counter antihistamine such as Allegra or zyrtec and see if they help.
557188	Ok missed period week nausea sore breast peeing a lot tired more ultersound showed thicking of uterus acne light cramps legs vagina neg.Hpt what's wron?	Possibly the obvious It was once common early for women to be pregnant in spite of negative tests. It is now rare because the tests are much better, but get a blood test or wait, because it is still not impossible. If the blood test is also negative you can stop worrying as women with sometimes just miss a period. If it doesn't then fix itself, you have a hormone problem of some other sort.
6650197	Me & my fianc are experiencing a red burning itchy scaling rash. Me on my butt & in the lining of the cheeks. Him on his inner thighs & stomach?	Contact allergy? May be a contact allergy that could be cause by laundry soap or other additive if you both use the same washing machine for clothes and sheets. Could possibly be bed bugs as well. Best to have your primary care examine the rash, and may need referral to a dermatologist. In the mean time, try to figure out what common environmental exposure you both have, and do some trial and error changes.
275321	I have a 26 cycle day and 9 days after ovulation I had stringy light pink spotting with clear discharge.The next day after intercourse I saw it again.My period did come on the expected date.So i'am wondering is it possible pregnancy?	Possible While the best time to concieve is 2-3 days around ovulation, conception can happen later. I recommend taking a pregnancy test now and waiting to see if your next period comes as expected, if not, repeat the pregnancy test.
6673532	Lethargy for 2 wks, body core cold, chills the next week. Last 3 days all of that plus, nausea, vomiting, chills worse, some headaches. But no fever ?	Infection? Your symptoms sound most consistent with some kind of infection, but it is impossible to tell over just a text message what you are specifically dealing with. You need to see your primary care doctor for evaluation and treatment. Since it has already been going on for two weeks, I would not delay. Good luck.
811473	Mltpl deep, hard lumps in calf muscles w/out skin involvement/swollen lymph nodes neck/armpits & weight loss. Venous u/s, chest xray, thyroid & mono-neg.Mild anemia-low monocytes. Any ideas?	Infection Sounds like infection, maybe trichinellosis, or some other parasite. Other possibility would include lymphoma or even viral disease. You need a detailed checkup.
58431	I have  a mild ache in my knee and it makes a popping noise on extension, will I need a knee replacement?	Probably not The most likely reason for your symptoms is patellofemoral disease (kneecap/femur). There are many factors as to whether or not a knee replacement is needed, but, a mild ache would not indicate the need for knee replacement. A knee replacement is done for much more extensive symptoms than what you describe.
628686	Painless throat swelling w/ diff. Swallowing w/hard swollen painless lymph nodes at multiple sites, airway feels obstructed.Other symptoms incl. Dry eyes+pain+photophobia, dry mouth, joint pain. Help?	See an oral surgeon It sounds like you may have an autoimmune disease called sjogrens. This causes dry eyes, dry mouth and arthritis. An oral & maxillofacial surgeon should be able to diagnose this, or if it is something else get you on the right track for treatment.
6724838	Hello I have a hard bump in my right nostril on the inside . My whole right side of my nose is swollen and hurts to touch my nose and my nose feels hard and it's giving me a head ache also the pain is starting to move near my eye and cheek it's giving me	Infection This is likely to be vestibulitis, an infection in the hair bearing portion on the inside of the nostril. It can spread and create an infection of the skin called cellulitis, which makes the tip of the nose firm, tender, and red. If untreated, it can become an abscess which requires minor surgery to drain it. See an otolaryngologist soon.
1141499	4 months having pins pain tingling dizziness  and numbness all over body. Now have vibration in my left ankle and burning sensation in lower back. I noticed it gets worse when i turn my head/back down?	Cervical spondylosis Pinched nerve in the neck can cause symptoms you mentioned. . Have your pcp examine.
1406406	What is best to take for a toothache, Tylenol, Aspirin, or Advil?  Take Remeron,  Singulair, and  Klonopin (prn) before bed.	Any anti-inflamatory Which ever one works the best you can take, but not over the recommended dose. A topical treatment for toothache is clove oil, you can place on cotton ball & apply to your tooth. Makes it numb. Do not drink it. Pharmacy carries this. You should use for a few days as you wait for a dental appointment. Baby teething gel less effective but o.k.
600417	Sore throat.  Feels like a lump when i swallow, hard to swallow. Should i drink hot or cold things?	See ENT Go get checked out by an ear, nose, throat doctor, ent.
169538	Is nipple sparing mastectomy safe for brca 2?	Yes but safety can vary with breast size: the smaller the safer, in general- if by safety you refer to the aesthetic outcome (I'm assuming you're including immediate reconstruction with acellular dermal matrix and implants in the equation). Serious complications are usual in general and depends mostly on physiologic health rather than age per se.
1593783	Sore achey leg after 3 long haul flights, DVT ruled out by doctor, however leg still sore 2 days later. Should I go and get bloods taken?	Symptoms most informative answer would come from the doc you saw regarding DVT
507312	I have a cough slight sore throat on swolling but either side of my tongue at the very back has purple looking marks or bumps jayne?	Need to be examined Consult with dentist and ENT specialist.
6677349	I'm on day 3 off heroin, I was doing it off and on for a couple months but now I'm quitting and it messed up my whole sleeping schedule. I haven't been getting good rest at all and I been up since 1 pm yesterday. What's your suggestion on what I should do	Treatment Program Insomnia is part of opiate withdrawal. It will eventually pass and your sleep should improve. In the meantime, some treatment programs suggest melatonin which can be purchased over the counter. Benadryl is also used. Another option which requires a prescription is Trazodone. All of these are non-addictive. Best wishes!
1388250	If parts of a liver is removed from a cirrhosis patient who was a Hep B carrier but is now 100% Hep B immune, will "normal" liver tissue be regrown?	NO The liver will have mainly scar tissue in place.
6695189	Can I get pregnant even if I had my period? I am urinating very frequently, having headaches, feeling fatigued.Am I pregnant or having a UTI or STI?	Unlikely If you haven't missed a period (regular flow bleeding) then it's unlikely for you to be pregnant. Frequent urination, headaches, and fatigue are non-specific and might not even be related to UTIs or STIs or preganncy, but to know for sure, get tested! It's an easy appointment and you DON'T even need to have a pelvic exam. Consider getting birth control while you're at it!
6680342	Hello, my beta hcg results show 75000 and only gestational and yolk sac seen on sono.. Normal?	Could be that HCG level s=can bee seen at 5-6 weeks and is somewhat variable. At this stage only a gestational and yolk sac may be seen. You may want to get another US in a couple weeks to see how the pregnancy is progressing.
483750	Can having part of my pinky finger amputated cause arthritis to develope in my other hand's thumb joint?	No, except One could make an argument that you may overuse the good hand and potentially cause arthritis in it. But, if you forced me to pick a yes or no answer, then i go with no.
811212	Chest pain exercise goes when stop almost instant. Had ecg, stress ecg, echo, cardiac mri/mra, 24h ecg. Age started 18 nw 22. Should I have CT angio?	Something else? Have you been evaluated for asthma/ reactive airway disease? If all the cardiac tests have been negative, maybe there is something else causing your pain. Ct angio would likely be redundant at this point.
843164	Nerve pain in legs feet low back and mid back. Weak tired shocking pain?	MRI Need orthopedic evaluation.
516483	My mother has erratic high blood pressure, sleep apnea, shaking. No help so far?	Erratic high pressur High her seen by her pcp for evaluation and treatment.
1377211	I had my first Depo Provera shot last month and I had unprotected sex last night...can I still get pregnant?	Why worry? The reason one goes on birth control is so that they do not have to waste any energy or time worrying about pregnancy. You are on an effective form of birth control. Why are you spending even one second wasting energy needlessly worrying?
696980	L4-s1 fusion 10 weeks ago. Some symptoms better but now new severe r. Back pain x1mo.  L5,  on the spine to r.  Pain10/10 turning in bed.  Leaning to l. 2 pain. Xrays ok, they insist it's muscle spasm?	More like unstable Either the level operated is unstable or there is another area unstable in the back, find a prolotherapist that can evaluate you and try to resolve your problem. www. getprolo.com, or www.Aaomed.Org.
1435763	My 18 year old daughter was stung by a wasp two days ago.  The sting site (her elbow) is very red and swollen.  Does anyone have any recommendations?	Sure Scrape the area with a fingernail or use tweezers to remove it. Don't pinch the stinger -- that can inject more venom. ice the area. If you were stung on your arm or leg, elevate it. Remove any tight-fitting jewelry from the area of the sting. As it swells, rings or bracelets might be difficult to remove. Use Tylenol for pain. Use antihistamine for itching, you can apply calamine lotion.Good Luck.
1118560	Mild itchy vagina and whitish discharge, could it be pregnancy or yeast infection? Trying for a baby so i'm confuse	It depends If you're trying to get pregnant, i. e. Having a lot of sex, this could be a yeast infection (cottage cheese, itchy discharge), could be bacterial vaginosis (a common infection which is milky, itchy and smells like fish) or ovulation (thick clear discharge). Do a urine pregnancy test to see if you're pregnant or not. If not, and the discharge bothers you, see your doctor.
1545989	Burning on legs & feet..just the front of the legs..now spreading to upper thighs. No swelling;not painful, just burning. Veins ok Vitamin deficiency?	Burning on legs Did you recently get a vaccination. Could be vitamin like B12 or from diabetes, or neuropathy from smoking ,HTN , or deficiency like calcium, magnesium potassium so would check all. Could be from disc disease,lyme, UTI or Guillan Barre if recent vaccination, rare MS. Since it is ascending would check it out ASAP. at urgent care/ doctor
628351	Red pimple like marking in pubic area. Painful and itchy?	Folliculitis What you're describing sounds like an infected hair follicle. This is very common, especially if you shave. Try warm compresses and an over the counter antibiotic ointment. If it fails to get better, you need to see a doctor.
1278782	How is the zzzquil sleep-aid?	Zzzquil Diphenhydramine is an Antihistamine which results in dizziness.
1170045	My husband is a carrier of hepatitis b i think. I had the vaccination when inwas a baby. Can you educate me about hepatitis?	Hepatitis B Hepatitis b can be a serious infection of your liver. At birth children get the vaccine to protect them for life hopefully. Hepatitis b is mostly spread by contact with blood or body fluids but on rare occasions in children with parents who have active hepatitis in can spread to the children. Hepatitis b infection is also important because by having it you can have liver cancer later in life. Thw.
1441081	Is it true that you can gave benign fasciculations of the tongue? My tongue twitches a few times a week, is it more likely als? No other symptoms.	Could be bfs May have benign fasciculation syndrome but should be evaluated by neurologist to rule out more serious condition
6630137	I have a growth on my face that looks like a small bump. Is it a skin tag or a mole? How can I tell? It's flesh-colored.	Skin lesion if you could send a picture that would be helpful.
575544	My fingers turn white when i get cold and I have a lump on my  wrist - could this be carpel tunnel? Nothing hurts yet - i sleep on my hands too.	See a Hand surgeon See a hand surgeon as you may have raynaud's and the lump is likely due to cyst called a ganglion. You may need work up to rule out causes of sympathetic overactivity. You have answered two questions already with the information you provided i.e. Your age and that you don't smoke.
950236	Strep? The last 3 days I've had loss of appetite and low fever-99.5 f. Today I have a mild sore throat. Glands not swollen. I've never had strep before.	Viral pharyngitis Sounds like you have a cold. Sometimes it attacks the throat more than the nose. Generally though you will have some nasal congestion and sneezing aswell, and then cough. If the pain gets worse or your throat looks bright red i would see your primary doctor to check for strep. . Otherwise Acetaminophen or ibuprofen, lots of water and rest is the best thing.
530596	I am having a missed period, 9 days now, both urine and blood pregnancy tests are negative, my endometrium is 2 CM in thickness by us, what this could ?	Anovulation It sounds as if you are experiencing anovulatory cycles. These are cycles where the ovary fails to release an egg. This causes temporary hormonal disruption.
1295869	Diagnosed with  prostatitis & ns urethitus. Swollen lymph in groin and leftside neck. On doxy 30 days / cipro 6 days. Infection home but still enlarge nodes. Is this common? Neck node appeared 1night!	Need more testing Enlarged lymph nodes are usually due to infection and therefore, responds to antibiotics very well, thus, will shrink in size. Non-shrinkage of lymph nodes after a reasonable course of antibiotics calls for more testing.
637401	My doctor give me a urine test and they found infection  last yr nov got antibiotic went back jan found out I have urine infection again got antibiotic went today found out i UTI again what can this be?	Reflux Vesicular reflux.
6631512	My blood pressure has been being high.... Now it's 91/71.... But my nose has been bleeding all morning???  I am also a Cancer patient	Get immediate check You should get checked immediately. If you are receiving cancer treatment and depending on what type you have you may be bleeding because of a clotting problem. If your pressure is normally high then you may have lost more blood than you realize or you may be bleeding elsewhere without knowing it.
1198755	I have pain and numb in left jaw, head, neck, arm and pressure in chest.This is frequent. But sometimes no pain. Could this still be related to heart?	Yes Yes it could be very well related to heart. Please consult cardiologist as soon as you can. If the pain is getting frequent or worser in intensity consider going to er. You r too young though but if you have high risk factors this could be very well cardiac related.
1575645	No fever cough 5 days throat sore one side at night chest sore after coughing hard, stuffy nose 3 days, green and yellow mucus coughed up. What is it?	Upper respiratory Although you do not have a fever, you do have significant symptoms. Could be a simple common cold, but it seems your throat soreness is a primary complaint. If this has been ongoing for 5 days you should get checked.
1486395	Severe chest pain whenever I burp, choking feeling for almost 4 days.  Antacids takes pain away for a few minutes but then returns.  What can this be?	Prob reflux. Talk to your doctor for treatment options as well as dietary precautions. May need a GI doctor eval as well
1011057	Knee brace too tight and after prolonged use calf feels tight and swollen? Should i get a new one?	Knee brace Yes get a brace that is more comfortably.
852716	If my two y/o is stung by a wasp/bee, what is the best way to ease the pain quickly? And can he have a topical Benadryl spray? Any other tips? Thanks!	One fast remedy How about applying a paste made up of a 1 to 1 mix of water and baking soda. It is a very soothing.
511280	Diarrhea everyday with nausea and pain, but worse after going.Bloating only on left side of lower abs, but pain is higher in mid stomach.Stool is green?	GI symptoms Have your primary care doctor refer you to a GI specialist or a colorectal surgeon. It sounds like you may have a colon problem and need endoscopy (a scope to look inside your gastrointestinal tract) to diagnose it. The symptoms you have need immediate evaluation.
1034799	I have a thin paper cut like line around the back inner edge of my vagina. I was just tested and treated for chlamydia. Is that just healing from this?	Yes Chlamydia can cause inflammation and irritation of he vaginal lining that lead to sores. Usually it would heal up within a week.
651590	Hello doctor, 
         I have always had high blood pressure since first detected at the age of 10 yrs. Done heart, kidney thyroid test all normal?	This is possible With strong familial htn.
710537	What are the signs that a mole is skin cancer?	Have new ones checkd Although changes in our skin are normal as we age, if u notice new changes that r concerning have them looked at by your regular doctor. Most benign skin changes are easy to identify by looking at them. Skin cancer identification is defined by the a, b, c's. A- asymmetric shape. B- borders that are irregular, c-color (multiple colors are concerning) there are some more features but these r basics.
564202	I have sinus pressure under my eyes, headache , mild fever and ear pain.  What could this be ?	Infection Probable sinus infection.
919386	Food feels stuck in upper abdomen and bloating in middle abdomen. Unable to burp and pass gas.	Bloated Try an anacid with simethicone to relieve your symptoms. If unsuccessful. See your doctor.
6733978	Been using LilyofTheDesertAloeVeraGelly on my scalp and hair to stop my scalp from itching and sores. It worked. But my eyes r irritated & itchy. Why?	ITCHY EYES - SHAMPOO THE CHANCES ARE THAT YOU ARE ALLERGIC TO ONE OR MORE INGREDIENTS IN THE SHAMPOO! TRY A MILDER ONE, LIKE A BABY SHAMPOO, FOR A FEW WEEKS AND SEE IF THAT RELIEVES THE ITCHING. BEST LUCK . . .
1271549	White creamy discharge 9 day before period  due on the 20th now light spotting light cramps very tired sore brests and massive headaches 7 dbp. Preg?	Need to wait a bit You'll need to wait until you've missed the upcoming period before trying to come to any conclusions about being pregnant and even then, a home pregnancy test may not be entirely accurate. But start keeping track of things all the same such as your weight and other symptoms as your physician will want this information in the event you miss your period. All the best.
747747	How often does vaginal birth cause incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse? How common are these problems after a normal birth?	COMPLICATIONS Delivery complications are not common but it happens sometimes. Your OB can explain better.
6615711	Medium sized bumps on the palm of my handNot itchy but hurt a lotGet one for about a week then it goes away then it comes back in a different spot.	Hand eczema Could be related to contact with something that your skin doesn't like. Should see a doc when you have some so that we get the diagnosis right. Treatment is usually mod to high potency steroids. These are not available over the counter.
1441980	I have pain underneath my shoulder blade, neck pain, crunching in my jaw and popping in my ears when I swallow, are these related?	Some of them YES The shoulder area RHOMBOID muscles are enervated by nerves from the neck C 5& C6 - therefore your neck pain could be linked. An MRI may help to explain Your jaw and ear plus swallowing could be involve but start solving the problem one step at a time Good luck Gabor Racz MD
1583794	How likely is the painful lump on inside of knee cancer lump isnt attatched to bone knee swelled tight at the bk hurts more after use 3 weeks now?	Best examined While a tumor often forms a lump, it isn't necessarily painful. That often depends on its location. Soft tissue sarcomas and lymphomas can appear at that location, but other diagnoses are more likely. This includes varicose veins, inflamed tendons, boils, Baker's cyst, venous thrombosis, etc. It's best to have the area examined by your physician.
1484324	It's a bit hard when I swallow my saliva or eat food. My ears make sounds when I do too.	See Physician You may be coming down with and upper respiratory infection, bacterial which may need an antibiotic or a viral one that does not need an antibiotic. The sound is from the muscles that help you swallow pulling on your eustachion tube when you swallow.
1545455	I have these blister like bumps only on my palms they are itchy and they hurt. They get really hard like calluses and won't go away?	Please seek dermatologic evaluation for accurate assessment and treatment plan. Take care.
1113959	I have Parkinson's and I am on artane, and sinemet. Is there something that can help my inner tremor. It's really bad in morning.	Internal tremor Dopamine agonists like rotigatine, ropinirole ; Pramipexole may help. Amantadine can curb dyskinesia from sinemet, but may not help much for inner tremor. Younger people often tolerate higher doses of artane/ trihexyphenidyl than elderly, the drug of choice for pd-related tremor. Beta blockers like Propranolol may also reduce this tremor. Ask your neurologist for guidance. Good luck.
1113958	I have mildly enlarged right ovary.Bilateral ovarian follicular cysts primarily located in periphery. Can i get pregnant? Size of ovary: 3.42.22.2cm	Yes As long as your periods are regular, then these cysts unless significantly enlarged will not prevent ovulation.
1454105	I had a sore lump under my left ear lobe  a Dr. said swollen lymph node. It went  away but came back and grew rapidly while eating chew/swallow worsen?	Salivary gland The swelling you describe sounds more like swelling of the salivary gland called parotid gland. It may infected or its ducts may be obstructed with stone, See an ENT.
1276000	I think i had a yeast infection which i treated w Monistat for a wk. No itching .How long do vaginal bumps and engorement last after yeast infections?	3-7 days Monistat is pretty ineffective monistat may cause allergic reaction treatment with a tablet is easier, less chance of local irritation and works better.
185794	If you have interstitial cystitis will t cause you to have frequent bladder infections?	Probably not However, the urinary symptoms may make you or your doctor think of infections often, doing more tests, and documenting more episodes.
6714868	Sore breasts especially in nipple area,fatigue,headaches, heartburn, constipation.My "period" came on the 2nd of this month except...	General exam needed 24 y fem. w. head, chest & abdominal disorders & fatigue c/o multi-organ system dysfunctions. General medical exam in order if chronic & not merely manifestations of acute viral illness. Endocrine, autoimmune, & infection problems all to be considered. If examinations unrevealing, then fibromyalgia rises on the differential diagnostic list. Generalist physician can arrange if specialists needed.
1432685	Pain behind right eye and on movement now gone after 3 months with blurred vision. Pins &  needles hands & feet. Constant fatigue. Possibly ms?	Possibly You need to see a neurologist and have this evaluated asap. MS is one possible cause.
1356531	I have a bad cough and lots of mucous.  I also have a sore throat. When I swallow it I have pain in one of my ears.  What could it be?	Common cold That is what this sounds like.
1473184	I have been suffering with right sided pins and needles and numbness for a while now but recently it has become worse from foot to face. Arm is heavy?	Impaired blood flow to the left side of the brain can do this . See a neurologist.
1501169	The outside of my vagina itches and my clit hurts. I sometimes get this white discharge that sticks inside of my vagina looks like baby powder wet?	Yeast This could be yeast. There are several safe and effective medicines for yeast that are available over the counter. If you try one and it doesn't work then you need to see your doctor to be checked for other infections or a resistant strain of yeast. Good luck.
1131518	Weird attack felt like my heart stopped for 4 seconds and kicked back in. Blood pressure was 144/104 at hospital. Nothing found on CBC or chest x-ray?	Episode Work up would need holter or zio patch, an ECG recording over a few weeks likely. Of course a full history and physical should be the foundation to start from.
155483	What is the treatment for blood clots in the legs (dvt)?	Blood thinners The mainstay of treatment is always blood thinners and there are many of these with more coming out all the time. Often the clot is left alone while the body dissolves it. Sometimes when the clot is very high up and extends above the top of the leg, the clot might be removed mechanically with a clot dissolver. Once that is done, a person still needs to be on blood thinners though.
6654699	My hands hurt...from my finger tips to my elbows. I wake up in the morning and they are sleeping and are so swollen I can't even make a fist. ?	See a doctor Then see a doctor and get evaluated. an inflammatory arthritis merits major consideration.
253658	Ebv capsid ab IgG 1:580.  Positive ccp antibody igg, sed rate, high RDW and mpv on cbc.Liiver alt, AST elevated.  Any ideas?	More info needed Need ebv vca IgM and / or ebna antibodies. What is ccp?
6763209	My right ear itches on the outer cartilage and is red and warm to the touch. It has been like this for 2 weeks now.	Allergy Please get it checked by a physician to rule out allergies.
1227936	Used condoms white vaginal discharge, slight cramps dizzyness and fatiuge. Bloating litle nausea is it pregnancy or can it possibly be something else?	Way too vague Set of complaints. Try to re-ask with a few chronologic specifics.
497328	Body very itchy small red bumps appear skin heats up blister like bumps at times hard to sleep sometimes need help...?	Bumps Could be allergic reaction. Best to consult a dermatologist to look at your lesions.
1522250	My vagina itches and burning when i pee. I pee friquently, i think i have a yeast infection. What home remedies can i do?	Probiotics Probiotics are a good home remedy. You don't mention if you have vaginal discharge or redness of your labia. Your symptoms may be due to yeast, bacterial vaginosis or a UTI. You may want to see a doctor to be sure.
558699	I had knee surgey ACL repair and miniscus i was doing fine and now when i walk i feel a pintching pain on the side it hurts a lot goinh down the stair?	Let me explain What kind graft was used for the acl repair, if the graft from your knee cap that it could be the reason, if is not those sign of some problem in the knee cap. Check it out..
1606495	Doctor prescribed Acyclovir 800mg x 5 days for shingles. I feel worse now. I'm 4'11" - 47kg. Is it too much med or normal dosage?	Acyclovir this is the recommended dose for shingle, another medication that could have been used is valcyclovir 1gram three times daily, people with shingle may develop burning sensation even after successful treatment ( post hermetic neuralgia)
1403582	I have enlarged spleen and liver my weight is 154 age 32 i use blood pressure and sleeping pills.doctor said it is due to overweight.	Liver Yes, Spleen ? Fatty enlargement of liver, steatosis, is c/w low fat foods & obesity. Go Hi-Fat/Veg, moderate protein, very low carb, weigh & track daily, nude, after 1st up, toilet & review foods. Study Big Fat Lies, McGovern's Report, Mary Enig, DietDoctor.com, Gary Taubes, Petia Attia, NUSI.org, FatChance.html, etc. However, spleen enlargement does not necessarily fit the pattern, consider other reasons.
328127	I have heart palpitations all the time. Their very bothersome. I've had a heart ultra sound. Multiple ekgs. And 2- 24 hr. Heart monitors. I've also had blood work and all was normal.  Could it all just be anxiety?  I'm scared!	Palpitations Depending on your age and other medical history, your physician can rule in or rule out diagnosis . You may need a longer heart monitoring like event monitor and may need electrophysiology consultation to look more deeply into the palpitations. Anxiety is a possible diagnosis but after every other possible cause has been eliminated including drugs prescribed or otherwise including otc supplements.
633460	Nausea acne sore breast fetal movement peeing a lot lots of preg.Syms.Sac in uterus thick closed but negative blood hpt what's wrong?Why not positive	See your doctor See your doctor to find out what is going on. You probably have hormone imbalance. You may need to see endocrinologist for evaluation.
493440	I have tinnitus, feel unbalanced, sometimes pressure in ear & sometimes makes me dizzy to move my eyes back and forth.  Always have to pop my ear. ?	See an ENT doctor With these symptoms, you may want to see an otolaryngologist (ent doctor). This kind of doctor can evaluate and manage the symptoms.
633463	I have these red, itchy pimple like bumps on my chest. I don't know if it's really a pimple. It's really itchy?	You may have You may have seborrheic dermatitis or folliculitis. See your dermatologist to find out what is going on.
855183	Have a very itchy feet ankles and legs. I've scratched so hard I have sores. And now on one ankle I have a cluster if white bumps.	Call your doctor With you history of diabetes, the fact that the skin has been broken with sores, you are at a high risk of infection. The cluster of white bumps may even be pus. Hard to say without an exam. Call your doctor or go to urgent care/er where you will probably be started on an antibiotic and given some treatment for the sores.
633467	Mom was at stage 4 breast cancer, done w chemo and double mastectomy, healing for radiation. Natural supplements that will fight or stop/slow spread?	Healthy eating/exerc Natural supplements that i would recommend are the daily and ample use plant based foods instead of animal based foods(fats and meats). Encourage her to eat veggies and fruits with each meal...These together should constutute half of her plate of food...This is a good guideline. Daily exercise in the form of walking is also important..Aim for a minimum of 30 minutes, on at least on 5 days a week.
1408919	Hi Doc My wife had Ist IUI on 15July & on 16 there was a white discharge,now she is having breast tenderness?Are these sign of pregnency or something	Pregnancy She may be pregnant; take a home pregnancy test. Symptoms could also be due to the hormonal treatments she received. Followup with her specialist.
6623892	Pregnancy smpt, bleeding similar to period, now same sympt, with added vertigo, sore and fuller breasts, bigger nipples.  neg preg under five weeks?	All your doctorC Roy957 I suggest you call your doctor for evauation and possible blood work.
795628	Protected sex three weeks ago, split condom, came on period 8 days after, started pill, sore breasts, spotting, back ache, tiredness, pregnant or not?	Test You need a pregnancy test.
396684	Help, am i pregnant ? After being on the Depo-Provera for 3 years I have started birth control pills on feb 3, 2012 and i haven't missed any pills without making it up but i haven't been taking them exactly how im supposed to but lately i had unprotected	The The only way to know for sure is to present to your doctor's office and request a pregnancy blood test. Some doctors may not agree to do this. Your doctor may want you to wait for your next period, and if you miss it then a urine pregnancy test will be done. All your symptoms could be due to a hormonal imbalance from taking your pills incorrectly. It may take a few cycles before your cycle normalizes. All the best.
1262125	My CBC is WBC 9.2, RBC 5.5, hgb 16.1, hct 46.4, MCV 84.4, MCH 29.3, mchc 34.7, %rdw-cv 12.4, PLT 254, mpv 12.2, % neut 46.8, % lymp 40.5, % mono 9.4 .. Is it good or bad. Plz comment on high mpv value?	You are okay The lab looks fine to me. Don't worry about slight elevation of mpv.
1224019	Severe stomach pain, severe nausea, back ache and head ache for 6 days now has not gotten any better.  Should i go to the hospital?Wait and see a doc?	Call doc Today. Does not sound like an emergency but you should be seen. Hope you feel better. Have you tried pepto bismol and Ibuprofen ?
1125753	Went off pill skin has gone really bad (acne) but also red/angry/irritated/itchy/sore and everything stings even sorbolene cream. What to do? Help!	See a dermatologist It is not unusual for anything you apply to inflamed skin to sting or burn, even topical steroids. However, this really should be examined to make sure it is acne. You might need a short course of an oral antibiotic to help cal this down
6708145	I went to two doctors & they told me my mole was fine. But its raised, dark, and painful. I cant touch it or around it at all. My mother had melanoma?	Get another doc! The only way to know for sure that your mole is benign is to remove it. Even if it looks fine, if it's so painful that you can't touch it at all, it would be better off gone. Ask a doctor to take it off to make you feel better. And make sure it is sent to pathology to rule out melanoma!
1185820	Bumps on very bck of tongue, sore red throat, trouble swallowing food. My doctor says it's viral took z pack still there since january. Help :(?	Right Your doctor is almost certainly right. It will have to run its course. No antibiotics help.
397483	Do STD symptoms such as fever, sore throat, vaginal discharge, blood in between periods etc. Occur everyday while infected? In both men and women	Not Not necessarily. Consider an std like chlamydia; which is called a silent infection.
6722208	Can I take ibuprofen 600mg and acetaminophen hydrocodone 325mg at the same time?	Ibuprofen + Tylenol Take Ibuprofen 600 milligrams every 8 hours and alternate with Tylenol 500 mg. You may alternate the two medications for moderate to severe pain by taking ibuprofen, then taking Tylenol three hours later. Keep that rotation going as needed.
389610	Red, swollen, itchy eyelids. Is it dermatitis? Or something else? 34 male, n/s other wise healthy, not allergic, very rare seasonal. Every so often my lids swell up, get itchy, the skin gets a little peely. The doc gave me dermasmooth, and said I should u	It It could possibly be contact dermatitis. The eyelid skin is thin and gets exposed to irritants/allergens by transfer from the hands (rubbing the eyelids). I would consider seeing your dermatologist who can possibly prescribe an ointment like desonide. Combined with cool compresses, that can be helpful. If not, consider allergy patch testing to see if there is a specific allergen that you are sensitive to. Read more about the true test patch testing at the link below.
1321414	What can cause tingling in both lower arms and legs? NOT hands and feet. Persistent for 3 weeks. Also when sitting or resting. No loss of sensation.	Tricky Ok, there's two main distributions of nerve problems: outward along an (injured) nerve or inward from the tips of (sick) nerves. Nerve problems in the middle of limbs.. all four....would not be a regular nerve distribution. Muscle weakness from electrolytes (K, Ca, Mag), sick muscles. No, not fitting with standard patterns. Neurologist would be a specialist in this sort of condition.
1573948	I have a weird tickling sensation in my throat / mouth when i breath in through my nose?	Post nasal drip If you have a cough, this could be post nasal drip. A trial of antihistamines might help. If not, think reflux.
1225052	On average how much a patient with mds will live? Can u have mds if platelets and WBC and neutrophil normal? Rbc 2.7 hemoglobin 10. No vitamin deficie	MDS The severity of mds is measured by different criterias according to the revised international prognostic scoring system. The hemoglobin, marrow blasts, cytopenias and cytogenetics. It varies from less than a year to up to 5 years before ther transform to acute leukemia. You cannot be suffering from mds with normal cell coun contact us: phone within the us :1-800-mds-0839outside the us only :.
1017813	Pain under left side breast below rib cage, also got indigestion pain and pains in the back along with vomiting no fever?	Indigestion Pain under the left rib cage along with vomiting and a feeling of indigestion all sound suspicious for gastritis or ulcer. Some medications can cause this, including anti-inflammatory meds like ibuprofen. There are over-the-counter meds like Prilosec otc that may help, but because you are also vomiting i would suggest you see a doctor for a definitive diagnosis before self-medicating.Good luck!
1406987	Wisdom tooth top right not in place feels like in my cheekbone could this be a cause for my dizzy spells aside from the anxiety it really hurts! ?	Dizzy spells Wisdom teeth may cause severe pain and should be removed. But as a source of dizzy spells it is unlikely. The best advice is to see an oral surgeon and have the tooth removed and see how you do.
571068	Pasty white sour tasting vaginal discharge. Not yeast infection-already tried that treatment no itch or smell. Makes sex dry/painful. What is this?	Vaginal infection A number of bacterial, fungal or other infectious causes could be involved. Get a gyn check up and testing to have the best treatment options.
1312883	Inguinal Hernia. I had hernia surgery about two weeks ago, didn't lift anything, but lump and hurts like it did after surgery. Is it ok?	Prob scar tissue Scar tissue can be extra sensitive I would suggest following up with the surgeon or your PCP to make sure not a post surgical issue
6659670	Hello!
I've been worried for a couple months now, because I get about 2 to 4 bruises per week on my legs, their color is greenish and some are purple (they are not big), I've also been having night sweats, little red spots on my arms, hands and feet (agai	See a doctor easy bruising and night sweats could be an indication of some kind of blood disease,see a doctor for a peace of mind
6612065	I've been on BC for years &not sexually active in years. I'm 2 weeks late w/ sore breasts. Should I see my doctor?	Preg test at home. Might give you a quicker answer. If negative it might just be that your pill has stopped your periods, which is perfectly ok and safe. If pos the see your doc.
6671025	I'm sexually active. My periods 4 days late, always do the pull out method, and I had nausea, cramps, & headaches but no period. What do I do?	Test Your next step is a pregnancy test. If it is positive, you are pregnant. The pull out method is not very effective, so if you are not pregnant this time, see your primary care doctor or Gynecologist for a discussion about better options.
1484638	My breast have been sore for 3 weeks,I have been nauseous, random cramps, back pain, random dizzy spells, could I be pregnant?	YES I would do home pregnancy test and follow with your OB
6684878	Inflamed/painful tonsils for 3+ weeks. Treated with antibiotics (300mg cefdinir BID for ear infection and no change w/ sore throat. What should I do?	? ENT Get checked for mononucleosis or possible bacterial pathogens. A blood count is a great starting point and a visit to an ENT specialist would also be reasonable
6775877	I am 22 I have no problem with my periods but have broken out in adult acne. I am not yet sexually active. Should I start taking the pill? Help?	Acne You have many choices in treating acne at any age and starting with some topical treatments like benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid preparations that are readily purchased at the pharmacy might be a good idea. Oral contraceptives are by prescription only in many countries and should not be taken without medical supervision.
1157473	Feeling unbalanced like rocking forward to backward popping ears head pressure had CT scan and MRI of brain checked out fine what do I do next?	See a neurologist You need a detailed history and exam with extensive neurological details. Go see somebody and get this worked out. Imaging studies are of little diagnostic value when negative.
306806	How do you get a mole removed if you think it's cancer?	See below Have your doctor refer you to a dermatologist.
586122	I got hit in the mouth by someone's head. I remember clenching my jaw very hard. I have terrible pain in my face, ear, and headache. Doctor visit?	DDS and MD consult Absolutely. See both a dentist and a physician for an evaluation to cover all your bases.
824119	What could be episodes of dizziness, nausea, fatigue and slight headache and facial numbing along with widespread muscle twitches.	Symptoms When faced with symptoms it is important to keep in mind that there is a difference between possibility and probability. When we let our thoughts go to what possibly could be wrong it causes fear and with fear comes further symptoms.The probability that all your symptoms are related is remote.Likely anxiety is playing a role.If they persist seek help.Try my videos www.Thecoachmd.Com for perspective.
6777656	I have, sore throat,  chills and fatigue which disable me from getting out of bed, but normal temp 36.8.  Is this more likely to be flu or common cold?	Hard to guess New throat pain can be strep throat (antibiotics are needed), a cold or influenza (antivirals may be used), or from some other cause such as allergies or irritants. Usually, a person sees the doctor if the sore throat is bothersome, recurrent, or doesn't go away quickly (to see if a prescription is needed). With chills and lots of fatigue, it's more likely a flu-like illness or strep throat.
902633	8 weeks pregnant & on prometrium due to vaginal bleeding at 4 weeks. Heartbeat at 6 weeks, another ultrasound scheduled next week. Miscarriage risk?	Slightly above norm Bleeding during pregnancy does put you at slightly increased risk. Know, however, that 25% of women experience 1st trimester bleeding and the majority of those go on to have successful term pregnancies. Only time will tell. Best wishes and good luck with this pregnancy.
1552115	Itching around the vulva. Only symptom. Used Monistat 1 and relieved for a little while. What could this be? Should I apply it to the outside instead?	I would You could have a yeast infection in the skin of the vulva. I would try the monistat externally for a couple of days. If that doesn't help then see your doctor or urgent care for an exam.
1058474	The cavities in my teeth are causing ear ache, what can I do for this?	Tooth earache If the cavities are large enough to cause an earache then you probably have an infected tooth or teeth. See your dentist asap. This will only get worse without treatment. Your dentist can determine whether the earache is from an infected tooth, or from another problem such as tmd disorder.
1605402	My periods usually start with bright red blood but lately every other period starts as brown and gooey . 19yr old , 120lb 5'8" not sexually active ?	Menstrual color Blood is blood. The color and consistency of blood in various stages of breakdown is not something one needs to worry about or even pay attention to. If you want higher or shorter periods then consider discussing birth control options with an Obgyn.
62891	My son is just recovering from a hand foot a mouth virus and now he has bad diarrhea. Can there be something wrong?	Diarrhea after virus Yes there is something causing the diarrhea. Did your son receive any antibiotic for the infection or taking any medicine? It is very important to keep him well hydrated with fluids to replace what he is loosing with the diarrhea, and i give two tablespoonfuls of probiotic yogurt eg live culture yogurt 3 times per day. Report the diarrhea condition to your pediatrician for advice on what to do.
1476046	I got bit by what I think was a mosquito Saturday. It still itches and is hard to touch and red. What could it be?	Hypersensitivity Either a hypersensitivity reaction to the bite or an early infection. Try benadryl for itching and 1 % hydrocortisone cream on the bite itself. If you develop pain, fever, red streak up your arm or leg, or it continues to enlarge, see your primary care physician. If you feel swelling in your throat, difficulty breathing, wheezing, lightheadedness, 911.
781128	For what reasons do we need 3 does of certain vaccinations like hepatitis b?	Building immunity Vaccine developers will routinely check the effect of single vs several dose programs to see what is needed to provide long term protection. If one dose works but fades after months & 3 will give you many years of protection, the 3 dose program will be the one adopted.
1473673	When u get stung what's the word for swelling of tongue and throat. The ER doc used it and it starts with P I used epi and Benadryl stung back of neck?	Anaphylaxis That's the only word I can think of for it
586435	Pain in knee  joint and hip bone while stand after long sitting?	See an orthopaedist Pain within the knee and/or hip can be a sign of arthritis or other joint pathology. A consult with an orthopaedic surgeon, with xrays of both the knee and hip, would be a good place to start to help identify the source of the problem.
664033	After seven days from being treated from gonorrhea and chlamydia it's it ok to have oral sex without infecting my partner?	Yes Your treatment should be sufficient, but make sure your partner was checked/treated and is clean as well; you don't want a ping-pong reinfection cycle to start.
878954	Fell on elbow, diagnosis w bursitus after x-ray. No swelling improvement after 3 days w ice/motrin. Some hand numbness and limited fx. Normal?	?ulnar nerve contusi Not really normal. The bursitis usually goes away but the numbness is separate and may have come from a direct blow to the "funny bone" nerve. If the numbness is in the ring and small fingers, and is getting better, you can watch it. If it stops getting better, it needs evaluation.
1595953	I'm extremely tired, have swollen glands, congestion, sneezing, bad headaches--for 2 weeks now. Thought it was a cold, b/c no fever. Could it be mono?	Lymphadenopathy Mono is certainly on the differential diagnosis. To know for certain, visit your doc for evaluation and possibly lab work if needed.
810664	I am 22 years old and I am a virgin. I had a breast lump removed two years back. The doctor didn't mention anything and the lump was benign. Now, I am getting some milky discharge from both the nipples. The discharge is thick and smells like milk. Is it n	Galactorrhea You have galactorrhea which is a harmless condition caused by elevated levels of the prolactin hormone.
1032238	Scared about sca/ha?! normal echo shows normal function..Normal ekgs..Just fast heart( atenolol).Normal stress test.Normal blood work..Should i worry?	No Your anxiety is not justified.
6749845	I have a bump on my left labia minora, & it is red and painful. There is also 2 more tiny red bumps but with no pain on both sides.What could they be?	Inflamed cyst most likely this is inflamed bartholien cyst. You can apply a heat pad but you would need to see a physician for some oral antibiotics.
889879	Which one of my meds could be causing tiredness, weakness, jet leg feeling, skipped heart beats, muscle weakness and shakey ness if i try to do much?	Med Lyrica can cause tiredness, weakness. Diazepam can do too. Shakiness could be the symptom of anxiety or if you've not taken diazepam for a while and going through withdrawal. Skipped heart beat - not sure.
6746390	ER last week because I found out I was pregnant and having pain in my lower stomach they told me I had a ruptured cyst On my ovaries now brown discha?	Ovarian cyst LeahP ~ not enough info here. You can be pregnant with small ov.cyst and be normal. Has preg aborted? is preg intact? when was LMP? Cant answer with limited info! thx
1441485	When I press on my left ovary I feel something hard.I'm 6 days late,I've had an ovarian cyst b4 but it hurt when I pressed it nd now it doesn't. Cyst? Or can I be pregnant? I have preg symptoms, and missed period. It only hurts when my bladder is full.	Testing needed some things are safe to check on your own but you should really get in to see your doctor for a hands on evaluation and some labs, and possibly imaging. hope you feel better soon.
530360	I have been suffering with agoraphobia for almost 2 years. I am taking Xanax twice a day and have been taking celexa for 9 years. I am still suffering?	Talk with doctor Medications are not the only treatment one needs for agoraphobia. Psychotherapy is an important part of the help needed to recover from this problem. Please talk with your doctor about adding this to what you're doing, and possibly adjusting your medications. In your best interests, xanax should be a temporary medication, not a permanent one. Good luck to you.
821694	Sharp pain in back of head on left side , comes and goes accompanied by nausea , dizziness and feel short of breath... Been happening for 5 days now ... Any idea what's causing this?	See your doctor This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
764827	Mirtazapine/elavil/lyrica - one causing weight gain in midsection? On librax for IBS symptoms. Eating well. Limited exercise - back surgery. 5'9 175.	Lyrica Known to cause weight gain lyrica.
764824	My l & r supraclavicular lymph nodes are really swollen causing shoulder aches. Also have joint pain all over. Blood tests show RBC low, LD & CRP high?	Determine a cause There are numerous causes for these symptoms including infection and even lymphoma. This needs detailed evaluation.
6638581	3mth old..sneezing(bloody mucus),runny nose, coughing, low-grade fever(99.4 - 99.6) tested for flu and RSV both negative..what could it be..4dys now?	Another virus better get your child re-evaluated, RSV and Flu viruses are tested initially to exclude them and to see if your infant needs isolation if admitted together with watching for progression of symptoms and start some specific therapy if needed per case, please check with your pediatrician, probably other households have the same, hopefully it would just be a simple upper respiratory viral infection
920254	Had mono bad at 16, last 5 yrs been weak, fatigued,  high wbc. Could it be epstein barr?  I am so tired of being sick, i want to get healthy;  please	Possible With a high white count and fatigue over five weeks you really need to be seen by your doctor.
321247	I m 26 yr married women, we are having sex without protection from past one week and now i m gettind raches near vagina and also iching?	See an OB/GYN Without being able to examine this there is no way to make a diagnosis, but herpes has to be considered, along with other stds. You should be seen and evaluated by a trained gynecologist. Good luck.
727457	Hsv 1/2 antibody blood tests -- would this blood test always test IgG and igm? Hsv 2 negative -- i assume for both IgG and igm?	HSV testing Igm is the first antibody type to be produced in an immune reaction to a foreign invader such as a virus. Over time, the igm response changes to igg. Some tests will examine igm to determine if the infection is new (recent), some tests look at igg to see if there is evidence of an older infection or exposure. The physician selects the appropriate test depending upon the question they need answered.
278320	33 weeks pregnant -high protein in urine - other than pre-e, what else could cause it? Bp has been slightly high but stable and has not gone up.	Kidney function Typically high protein in the urine is a sign that protein is leaking through the membranes in the kidney. Anything that causes damage to the kidney can cause this. Lupus or other autoimmune kidney problems can cause this. Sometimes blood in the urine can cause increased protein as well.
597966	Mri results displaced medial meniscus what does that mean? Was seen on a MRI after having plica removal and a chondroplasty. Am having locking knee.	Stuck in joint A displaced meniscus tear is the leading cause of a locked knee. The meniscus gets into a position like something jammed in a door hinge that doesn't allow it to close. Sometimes it requires the knee to be manipulated to unlock it. Arthroscopy surgery is the final solution.
6726897	What could be causing sharp stabbing and burning pain in left rib cage just under my armpit and breast. In unbearable pain or discomfort all the time.	Pain in axilla If you are having unbearable pain in the left rib cage under the breast, my recommendation is to go to an Urgent care or Emergency department.
6685238	It feels like I have something stuck in my throat and its very uncomfortable and difficult to swallow. I've been running a fever for 3 days now and my tonsils are swollen, red, and pus streaked as well. I was prescribed antibiotics for strep but nothing s	See your doctor some antibiotics are not effective for strep or your infection may be resistant. My first question would be did the doctor actually test you for strep. If not, you may have been treating a virus with antibiotics, which would accomplish nothing. If yes, then you may need to be switched to a different antibiotic. Also remember that antibiotics may need a day or two to become effective.
799537	If i already had hepatitis a before (in 2008), can I still consuming alcohol?	Yes, in moderation Hepatitis a is cleared by the body and does not cause long term liver damage. Once you have it you will not get infected again. Once your liver enzymes have returned to normal it is ok to use alcohol. Use it in moderation not because of the hepatitis a, but because more than 3 drinks a day in men, or binge drinking, can lead to liver damage itself.
943836	I m having vitamin d deficiency , high uric acid level usually. I feel pain in my legs, arms and in my lower back right side also.What should I do?	Body pain You need bto see your doctor so he can prescribe medication for your uric acid levels which may be responsible for your oain.
6705426	37degC fever for 8 days, body aches, running nose for 4 days, neck ache but no headache. is it normal to have a fever for so long?	Be aware That 37 degrees celsius is considered within the range of normal. While everyone runs at slightly different baseline temperatures it would be uncommon that 37oC would be considered a fever. Nonetheless it doesn't mean that you don't have something going on, but it possible it is just a nonspecific viral illness. If you are that worried seek an inperson evaluation just to make sure things are OK
1514654	I'm 27 female and 240lbs 5'8 .I have chest pain all day everyday gone to doctor had ekg,blood,xray came normal.  So would heat pad help or ice?	Difficult problem The general rule is: ice for an acute injury, heat when it's chronic. But, you also report GERD and neither heat nor ice will help that - are you being treated for it? There are many excellent medications. GERD is a well known cause of chronic chest pain.
1229211	No period. Abdominal pain when going to the bathroom. Dizziness in the car. Nausea from smells or sights. Headaches. Insomnia. Help?	Nausea And a young female with nausea and a lack of menstrual cycle obviously pregnancy would be a concern. If you're concerned about pregnancy i recommend you take an over-the-counter pregnancy test and/or see your physician. As far as pain when going to the bathroom - if this is burning with urination it could be your new tract infection. I would just insomnia is related to you worrying about the above symptoms. Don't be afraid to get checked by your physician.
6778451	For My 7 yrs boy, sticky dry hair falling found on crown of head getting bald past 5 months and it extends its area mostly downwards back of head, it is by hair problem or any internal and who to seek medical help ?	Alopecia vs fungus Child probably is developing alopecia. It would be important also to rule out a fungal infection of the scalp. Best would be to see a dermatologist who can do a Woods light examination and a KOH prep and tell you the diagnosis and treatment right away. If it is Alopecia he will also be able to guide you properly and reassure you. If required further work up can also be initiated.
655595	I have dizziness, fatigue, shaking, headache only when i miss a meal. Is this caused my low blood sugar?	YesYes You may be suffering from hypoglycemia and it ius best to learn to check your sugar at si h a time. You should eat frequently andy smaller meals. Also avoid simple sugars. Complex sugars are better or brown rice.
1599590	Had third ACL surgery about 4 months ago but i am havin lots of pain in my knee cap when i bend or straighten it out...what could be the problem?	2 possibilities Did you have a bone-tendon-bone autograft? If your graft was taken from your own kneecap, there could be an injury to the kneecap. If not, scar tissue that causes decreased motion and quad weakness that is normal after surgery will make the kneecap work harder. Those conditions can cause patellofemoral pain. Your surgeon should determine which problem you have.
6613626	Is it safe to use hair dye/bleach if one were born with a mole on head? Mother says I have one and  used to bleach and dye hair. Cancer risk to area?	Hair dye Yes it is safe as hair dye will not cause your mole to become cancerous
966209	Got the flu and developed an irritated, sore throat. Painful to swallow, and a constant achy cough. Any remedies to ease it? Thanks	Hydration Warm fluids, otc analgesics, cough syrup, and decongestant are used to relieve symptoms . See pcp.
1239818	I've had swollen tonsils, sore w/ red bumps back of throat for 2 weeks. Sore throat came & gone. Doesn't hurt anymore. Strep came back negative.Doctor?	Sore throat Other things cause these symptoms. Peritonsillar abscess is common after throat infection, strep, virus, or other bacteria. Tonsils look and feel swollen.The other concern is mono--a simple blood test should have been done and appropriate steps taken to prevent serious problems due to mono. Give up tobacco as throat issues persist far longer in smokers, when they might have resolved much faster.
6659921	My nose is super congested, I had a sore throat for 3 days which is getting better but glands in my throat are still swollen. Tonsils aren't swollen 
?	Reaction... Your lymph nodes( glands) get swollen as a response of the infection. It means your body is fighting with what is causing your symptoms. If you are feeling better already it is most likely your symptoms should resolve in a few days. However, your glands may stay enlarged for a little bit while your body gets rid of what is seems to be a virus.
285073	Before I get my period I discharged a yellow greenish  lumpish stuff from my vagina, it had a sour smell to it, no itching or  burning, what is it?	? The only way to be sure would be to go to your doctor for tests and to look at the discharge under the microscope.
1599895	Is it safe to apply a topical 1 percent clotrimazole cream to a dry patch on my scalp that is itching/peeling? Selsun blue and H/S cause irritation.	See a doctor It's time to stop trying to treat yourself without a professional diagnosis. There are many possible causes, and most will not clear up with clotrimazole. See a doctor about it. Good luck.
1400112	I have a fever 100.2 , ear ache and sore throat . My chest hurts when I breath like a burning feeling or soreness . Is this a cold or something else?	Febrile illness This sounds as if you should go to see a doctor ASAP, either in an ER or an Urgent Care facility. Although this may be a viral illness, the chest burning is concerning and it would be advisable to be examined and perhaps have a chest x-ray and perhaps some labs depending upon what the doctor examining you finds. Good luck and best wishes.
1292101	How long can iliopsoas tendonitis and sartorial tendonitis last in a 17 yr f if nsaids, pt, steroid fail for 1.5 yrs & all treatment is stopped?	Get a 2nd opinion These areas of your supposedly tendinitis are extremely unusual. Get another opinion.
1071712	I work in a place with a lot of stairs, I have patellar tendonitis, should I wear a knee brace? And if so what kind should I get?	Bracing? Patellar tendinitis is usually treated w/ nsaids , pt modalities, hamstring stretching, ice massage, avoidance of offending activities( rest), topical pain/anti inflammatory cream. Some orthopedists will try using a 'chopat' type brace over the origin of the patellar tendon w/limited success. Long -standing cases that do not improve w/ above are candidates for surgery....
1606989	Using OC with norethindrone acetate.Have asthma & allergies.Experiencing chest tightness, nasal congestion and sore throat since starting med.Related?	Unlikely You need to call your doctor right now since you appear to be having an exacerbation in your asthma probably triggered by a viral infection. I greatly doubt that it is related to your OC intake.
1488128	Uteroscopic kidney stone removal 2 days ago. Stent fitted. Urine looks like red wine, and the pain is excruciating. Is this normal?	Here are some ... To an extent, what you described could be "normally" expected, but judicious use of medications + mental modification toward reality will help& ease. For detailed individual need, ask your Doc to see what he/she may & can do for you.
659041	Had throat infection and ear infection took antibiotics for 10 days. My glands in throat are very swollen and sore still?	Needs evaluation Usually tonsillitis and ear infections "feel better" within 2-3 days and viruses typically don't last more than 10 days. You should return to the doctors office.
543268	It january 24 im susposed to start my period today but only brownish discharge still sore breast cramps in lower abdomen an legs?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Purchase and perform a home pregnancy test. These usuallly turn positive when you're about a week late. If it's negative, repeat in a week and call your doctor.
541273	Is it normal to bleed after an ovarian cyst ruptures?	Common Common, not normal.
1263603	I am currently having severe leg cramps, all over muscle soreness and having headaches and dizziness. ?	Possible deficiency Muscle aches can be the result if overuse and also electrolyte deficiency (low potassium, magnesium). Also anemia can cause similar symptoms including the headaches and dizziness. I suggest evaluation by a physician to check a complete metabolic profile.
585966	I'm sexually active and don't use protection. I missed my period for eleven days and then clots of blood, is that a sign of miscarriage or not?	Are u preg? If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. That is the first step before you start thinking about miscarriages.
1307913	I have all these pregnancy symptoms sore boobs fatigue nauseous but i got a period and negative hpt and blood test?	Hormonal imbalance Pregnancy tests, if done after a missed period, are reliable and negative test results rule out pregnancy. There may be other hormonal issues causing the symptoms. If the symptoms persist through two cycles, it would be prudent to see your doctor.
6635604	From the age of 14-24 I have had over 200 kidney infections on record. There is constant leukocytes and blood in my urine? What does this point to?	Lack of expert care First of all, if you have not already done so, I would recommend that you be evaluated by a competent urologist. We define urinary tract infection as a positive urine culture. Any adolescent or young adult with recurring urinary tract infections should undergo a certain evaluation which would include x-rays of your kidneys and cystoscopic examination of the lower urinary tract.
833503	I'm going to see a neurologist for my migraines, my arm is always tingling numb&painful can the scan pick up the cause of the arm numbness also?	Not readily Migraine & numb & tingling arm usually have no associated findings on head scans, which are done to rule out unusual & rare conditions. Migraines have no certain known cause. These arm symptoms are likely due to soft tissue problems, which similarly have no accompanying image changes. Chronic muscle tension headaches & thoracic outlet syndrome might be unifying explanations. See an osteopath.
113327	What would cause numbness in my fingers and hand?	Many possibilities Numbness can occur from various reasons. Some potential causes include vitamin deficiency, nerve damage, nerve compression, alcohol over consumption, side effects of different medications, or as a result of different systemic medical conditions such as diabetes. Get evaluated by a professional to determine the diagnosis. Treatment is based on the diagnosis.
490496	No vomit or diarrhea but stomach flu? I lost my appetite 3 days ago and had slight slight diarrhea. I feel like I have to but can't?	See your doctor These symptoms can only be adequately worked up by your doctor. He/she will listen to you, perform an examination, perhaps orders some tests to find out what's wrong.
1310229	Can pinched nerves, bulg.Discs in neck cause myasthenia gravis? I have one eye lower than other, feel like choking couple days and snoring for months..	Maybe the opposite? Myasthenia gravis is a chronic autoimmune neuromuscular disease. In myasthenia gravis, your immune system produces antibodies that block your muscles' receptor sites for an acetylcholine, causing muscle weakness. The condition may cause weakness in your neck, arms and legs, but this usually happens along with muscle weakness and not the other way around.
1279575	If i'm on the hepatitis b vaccination for 0, 7 , 21 day schedule - can I have my third shot later than the 21st day?	Yes This can be delayed weeks or months and still be effective. You will not have to start over. However, you will not be fully protected until you complete the series.
6761551	Headaches, heavier breathing, slurred speech and tingling/ numbness in right arm. Also aching body any ideas please. 27 yr old F
?	Recent onset?&gt;&gt;to ER Slurred speech with tingling/numbness of an arm could be signs of a stroke or warning of a stroke(TIA). If these symptoms are of recent onset you need to go the hospital for immediate evaluation. If you have had these symptoms for some time you should see your physician as soon as possible. Do not try to diagnose your condition on the internet. It will only delay proper diagnosis and treatment.
67040	I have major pain in my lower back  down my left leg n butt cheek. Got xrays, it not a slip disc what can it be?	Pinched nerve ? See a neurologist, may need EMG ncv, mri, vascular study etc.
331343	I was diagnosed with a stone in the right kidney three days ago and a bad urinary tract infection how long will by back hurt?	Depends It will depend on the rapidity of the stone's course through the ureter and the length of the infection. Make sure you take your medications as prescribed and drink lots os of water.
1198771	I had tests done to see if I have cvid. My IgG was 517, IgM was 171, my IgA is 44. The doc who ordered tests is out of town. Should i call my gp?	No CVID now Your igm is normal, your igg and IgA are mildly reduced. You don't have cvid at this point. You don't tell me what prompted the tests, so i can not make any other comments except that you should be retested in 1 year. Right now, please calm down. No infusions of igg!
6670618	Everyone in the house has symptoms of stomach flu cramping nausea and diarrhea what should i do ? Where did we get it from	Supportive care You will want to make sure that everyone stays well hydrated. Clear fluids or electrolyte replacement products can help, such as pedialyte or a sports drink. A bland diet, such as the BRAT diet is recommended (bananas, rice, applesauce, and toast). Imodium may help with the diarrhea as well. If symptoms worsen, become prolonged, or you notice any blood in the diarrhea, you should seek medical care
1126053	I got ectopic pregnant and got operation now my left side fallopian tube has been removed already, i want to conceive baby how long I have to wait?	Check with surgeon Many MD's suggest 1 to 3 months to wait, but your surgeon saw your pelvic structures and may have a different idea of a time frame, so ask him/her.
330437	I have had recurring vomiting and diarrhea for a few months. Severe abdominal  cramps with it. It don't just last a few hrs. ?	For a few months? These symptoms should not last for "a few months". ..The type and severity of symptoms of the nature you describe suggest something that needs to be more thoroughly evaluated and worked-up by your family doc or a gastroenterologist. Make an appointment sooner than later..
1292814	Pain & swelling from knees down. Hurts to walk. Hurts to stand. Heels hurt most. No injury been like this for 3days.Hot water is only relief of pain.	See details Then have the issue evaluated. See a doctor. No one can help you over the internet.
1424738	I have a mole when I bump it is sore, and bled when I bumped it yesterday, the skin is red around the edges like it's irritated. does this mean cancer?	Needs biopsy An enlarging or changing mole should be addressed by excisional biopsy. See your dermatologist or plastic surgeon to have it addressed. The obvious concern is a change or dysplasia in a mole which can lead to melanoma.
1518909	After having a high blood pressure and very fast pulse, my doctor found a large mass on my heart. I'm having chest pains.  Should I  go to the hospita?	Yes Yes
1274253	Hi sir, I have rubella IgG -2.7 and rubella igm-0.36, I have problem  for pregnancy time?	No That titer is consistent with old infection, not active infection. There is no issue.
659262	I fell on glass and got 16 stitches around the elbow area. But today my forearm is swollen and can't bring my hands back towards me or clinch my fist?	?infection See md.
858082	My first breast cancer tested me for TSH and my new doctor tested for fsh, why the different tests and what does each mean?	TSH/FSH Tsh...........Thyroid stimulating hormone. Fsh.............Follicular cell stimulating hormone. Lh................Luteinizing hormone, usually done with fsh.
1435374	Ampullary cancer, spread to liver right after whipple. Chemo for 7 months and continuing. Lost 50 lbs. Prognosis? Can I skip a treatment to vacation?	Serious condition Bad news. This a serious condition. The best person to ask this question will be your treating oncologist.
876336	Ana positive, 1:320 centromere pattern.  Some joint pain, some swelling, fatigue.  Could I have lupus or scleroderma?	See below Lab results need to be interpreted in the clinical context and the doctor who ordered the test is usually in the best position to do that. The information you provided suggests scleroderma/crest. See this site for more info and discuss with your doctor. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/scleroderma/ds00362.
1244710	My last Depo-Provera shot 6/7/13 i got a 3 day period 1/28/14 & no period breast tenderness pelvic pain & hard i was on Depo-Provera 4 years what is going on?	Irregular cycles Many things can affect regularity of cycles (e. g. Weight changes, diet changes, stress, etc...). Repeat pregnancy test in 1 week to be sure and rule out pregnancy.
1513923	I have a sore throat, sore jaw for some reason, drainage, headache, and general discomfort. Feels like a flu but without fever.	Viral syndrome Hi. It sounds like you have a viral syndrome with pharyngitis. Of course we can't rule out bacterial (which would need antibiotics). You could see your doctor if concerned. The flu (influenza) is a particularly nasty virus. Most viruses (i.e., "colds") don't come anywhere close to influenza in terms of how sick they make you.
1452224	Little precum dried on finger 5-10 minutes outside. Period week after, bloating, lower back pain, fatigue, tension headache, nausea, UTI/Stress/preg?	Recommend seeing MD All your symptoms could be related to stress, like you suggested, but it would still be wise to rule out other causes, especially if you haven't had any lab work lately. It's always better to be safe than sorry. Would be good to discuss different choices for contraception too in order to reduce risk of unplanned pregnancy.
1527312	Sleep Apnea, GERD, LE Swelling, SOB, skin rashes, itching calf, + ANA @ 1/80 with + ACA & + AHA. Routine Echo Cardio negative. What should I do next?	See internist first Your problems appear to need different specialists to solve. Suggest that you see an internist to find out where to start.
1530970	When blow nose, mucus is bloody.  Lots of yellow-green postnasal drip. Some wheeze. No fever.  Take Dymista, Allegra, singulair, qvar, and Ventolin. It's not allergy. Sinusitus?  Go see primary care or wait it out?	Nose Probably viral but with the green phlegm, there is probably a bacterial component. With your history of asthma, best to see your primary and decide if you need to be on antibiotics
945423	Sob, right chest pain, occasional right back pain& watery saliva. Had multiple tests done, x-ray, echo, ECG all come back fine. What can this be?Anxiety?	Anxiety Anxiety may be one reason but make sure you allergy medicine does not have stimulants in them which can cause these symptoms or exacerbate them. Try some type of mindfulness meditation or exercises which will help with focus and reduce stress.
1165174	Still have fatigue flank pain cloudy urine abd low fever after being on cipro and one IV recpen and  last day of amoxil for kidney infection? Help?	The Doc Who gave you amox is the person to discuss this with. They will want to know. They will be able to best advise you.
1330467	How likely is it for pregnancy to occur during fertile period,while having unprotected sex but he pulls out on time, and the sperm leaks on the vagina?	Fairly likely If you have sex at the right time and if so,e semen is in the vagina, you can get pregnant. Pulling out, or coitus interruptus, is not very reliable. If you are not pregnant, you might want to consider a better form of birth control.
727876	I have this itchy rash on my inner thighs and around my groin, it usually starts in winter, and winter has just started. How do I treat it?	Sound like May be winter eczema , good moisterizer cream or 1% h-c cream and take zyrtec at p. M in winter.
6642937	It's been a while .. My eyes upper lid is itchy on and off and swollen sometime .. Some dryness and flakiness . Some dry scalp behind my neck ?	Eczema or dandruff Both eczema and dandruff can affect the scalp and eyelids. Head and Shoulders shampoo might be effective for both if it's dandruff. For eczema, topical steroid cream is usually effective; an oral antihistamine can help alleviate itching. Short warm showers help eczema. For severe eczema, oral steroid medication might be used. A dermatologist's exam would be helpful.
1453931	Take 20mg of Celexa a day and 20mg Valium for panic disorder. Doctor added 15mg Remeron. Can Remeron with Celexa cause Serotonin Syndrome?	Yes-watch carefully! If you have any of these: confusion, hallucination, seizure, extreme changes in blood pressure, increased heart rate, fever, excessive sweating, shivering or shaking, blurred vision, muscle spasm or stiffness, tremor, incoordination, stomach cramp, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea - call provider ASAP and even consider ER. It can be life-threatening. Before starting, talk about it. Talk Tx can help!
803779	I have had bloating, gas, nausea the last few days and then diarrhea and pain, could they be caused by cough drops?	Virus? Not from cough drops, are you taking any cough syrup with codeine, that could cause constipation. Any fever? I gather you have a cough too, sounds like at least you have a viral syndrome maybe more check with your doctor.
1398141	Have missed period from april 2014 and pregnancy blood and urine test negative?	Anovulation Your ovaries have stopped working. Don't you think it is time to go to the doctor to figure out why?
6721323	Small ulcer in terminal ileum, biopsy: In Eosinophil fokal chronic active ileites, in ileum lymphoid hyperplasia. non specific colitis. Crohn ruled out. any suggest?	Colon Keep follow-up with your GI
6664964	So I was just laying in bed when my legs started itching and I noticed that they were covered in hives from my ankles to my knees Should I be worried?	Yes there is some sort of allergic reaction taking place and needs to be corrected so no future complications take place
394863	Is it unsafe to have an apicoectomy of tooth #19? My dentist has made X-ray and found the infection under the root canal. I had my root canal done 3 years ago and just got a new crown. I had an appointment with oral surgeon today. He said that there is a	It depends The best answer is to get a 3-d x-ray called a cone beam x-ray. Evaluation the tooth position relative to the nerve with 3-d x-rays will give the best answer. You may consider re-treating the root canal by a root canal specialist. This has a higher chance for success and less danger of nerve damage during an a pico.
6770869	I recently was treated for HEP C and used Harvoni. I had developed liver cancer due to chemo reaction and the hep. After treatment I have muscle pain?	Ans You must see your doctor. The use of harvani requires monitoring and you have other issues as well serious issues. Go see your doctor
283050	Hi, I am 3 weeks late from my periods now. I have got 2 blood tests and 3 urines tests done. All came out negative for pregnancy. Could I be pregnant?	Ultasound Lab test are not 100% accurate. Do you have any other symptoms of pregnancy? You are not likely to be pregnant, but if you have doubts, consult your doctor for getting and ultrasound examination of the pelvis to detect normal or ectopic pregnancy.
402748	Having a yellow discharge when  wipe and up inside when put tissue up vagina of blood. What is it and what can I take? It itches some and some pain?	Hello. Hello. I recommend that you see your doctor. The doctor will likely do tests to determine what your abdominal discharge is caused from. It needs to be determined if you have an infection that might require antibiotics.
1477802	Sore throat around neck and gland around jaw swollen. Gotten a few sore throats over last couple mths and glands not gone down. Cough now. Worry?	Time to get checked It is hard to say what is going on. Colds and sore throats can cause lymph nodes to go up and down. But if the nodes persist and don't change in size, is is worth getting checked by your doc Other things can cause your symptoms that can be minor or major.You need to be evaluated.The sooner you do, the quicker you'll know if this is serious or not and you can relax. Avoid scents, smoke (irritants)
1288408	Is running (jogging) efficient for nasal and chest congestion ? I have chronic sinusitis and nasal polyps, it will be a while until i get surgery	Exercise While you may need to adjust the way you breathe while running with a nasal obstruction, the exercise has no effect on the sinusitis and nasal polyps. I suggest you use a steroid nasal spray until your surgery.
1434680	I have sore throat - sneezing, runny nose,  block nose, I had an headache before. Its really annoying cant sleep. I also had jaw surgery 3 weeks ago.	Throat Sounds like a viral illness but of theres no fever could also be allergic. If its a virus there are lots of over the counter meds to take. Be careful they don't contain any aspirin or ibuprofen. Fluids are important. You should give your surgeon a call as well
1542090	Is these periodic check up enough or there are more analysis required?
CBC
Liver funcs
Renal funcs
Urine complete anal
Stool anal
Blood sugar	Good Start AT your age these are good routine tests. As you age I'm sure your PMD will order more that are age appropriate.
590347	Can I have a laser surgery treatment for acne and scars on my face without any side effect ?	Not likely Every treatment has some side effects. The experience and skill of the surgeon and the cooperation of the patient in following post operative instructions all play a role in mitigating side effects.
1026002	Cavities on molars and wisdom tooth fixed. 3 weeks later jaw still sore and painful. Ibuprofin not very helpful or for very long. Pain has gotten worse.	What to do The soreness in the jaw could be from the injections and\or bruxism. The teeth could be sensitive from sensitized nerves (either reversible or irreversible inflammation), a chipped filling or bruxism. You did not say if you had any other treatment such as a cleaning or if you need further dental treatment. Your dentist can figure this all out ; help you get more comfortable faster.So call for appt.
1486494	Right abdominal pain that goes to right side of back and chest causing diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, headache, dizziness. What is it? Er or wait for doc	Gallbladder? If you have not had your gallbladder removed you could have a gallbladder infection. With nausea, vomiting, headache & dizziness I think you should go to the ER.
1487720	I have had watery yellow green diarrhea now for 6 days. No stomach pain but started rumbling today and feel bloated. Drinking lots eating brat.	Diarrhea 6 days This may be related to an infection or food or if you took an antibiotic recently. If you have associated vomiting, abdominal pain, blood in your diarrhea or the diarrhea lasts longer than 2 weeks see you doctor. You are doing a great job staying hydrated. I would go back to your normal diet. Hopefully the diarrhea will stop.
170576	I think I have an infected hangnail on the left side of my ring finger. It is very red, swollen and quite sore to the touch. Can I treat this at home?	Yes, at first This may be a paronychium (inflammation around the area where the nail meets the finger's tissues). You can try frequent (every several hours) prolonged warm soaks which can bring this to a head and allow drainage. If, however, the redness extends beyond this area, the finger becomes swollen or in any way worse, you should be seen immediately, preferably by a hand surgeon.
848458	Is 95/65-110/70 low blood pressure? Sometimes getting up from a laying position i get dizzy and my heart rate gets fast. Too low or normal? What to do	Borderline Low Some perfectly healthy people have blood pressure readings like you mention and feel normal. For other people these levels are low enough to causes dizziness or lightheadedness. I would suggest getting up slowly and if symptoms persist, call your doctor.
1280189	How to get rid of staph infection?	Severity It depends a subtle early staph can be treated conservatively warm soaks antibiotic ointments but if it get larger, hotter, painful than you will need antibiotics. At times staph can cause sepsis and get into the blood stream if not treated properly. If you have diabetes, cancer, on chemo, immunocomprimised then you must see a doctor and forgo the conservative plan.
6741075	9 months ago I was injected with 300 units of botox and it paralyzed my swallowing muscles. I now need a peg tube. Is this a permanent injury?	No No. Should be starting to resolve.
6659316	What could cause a slight tingling and burning sensation that comes and goes on the tops of my feet. I have been checked for diabetes and it was clear?	Diabetes is only on of the conditions that causes neuropathy. Have you seen a neurologist?
1026339	Two weeks ago i had surgery for a left inguinal hernia and hydrocele (marsupialized).   The left testicle is now positioned at the top of the scrotum.  Will it drop into the normal position later?	It should Feel free to pull it down as well. Doesn't sound like anything is wrong, but be sure to ask your surgeon when you see him/her for your postop visit.
1510223	Had my gallbladder removed laparoscopic Mon and now my left foot is swollen, red, painful, itchy, and I haven't had a bowel movement at all. Ideas?	Not a problem I am quite sure that youer doctor can tell you what is going on. So ask him/her.
1068857	First tingling hands&feet about a week(now only here and there)than dry flacky skin including face(up arm/leg to)month later numbness now 2 days, small red painless spot under skin finger print area?	Stuff This does not reflect any specific issue. If you are concerned, off to the dermatologist you go.
516530	Have endometriosis, on Depo-Provera since august.Been bleeding after orgasms since june when my endo flared.Also looks like i'm losing globs of tissue. Help?	Endometriosis? I feel bad for u , but u need to address this with u OB physician. Good luck.
393597	I have had my period for 3 straight months. What do I do? I started taking Depo-Provera in january and ever since I've had my period every single day. Then my school nurse gave me the birth control pills to stop the bleeding and im on my second trimester	That That is abnormal to have that much bleeding especially when you are on those medications. As you have had your period for three straight months, please see a family practice or gynecology doctor to have an evaluation. You may need to get your blood level checked. They may need to adjust your medication. If you have pain, light-headedness, or fainting, then you would need to be seen as an emergency.
1025973	Head pain stomach aches and a lot of nausea. Everytime i stand i feel dizzy I have a fever and i can't eat. What medicine do I need to take?	pain, nausea,fever It is time to call your doctor to make an appointment to check you concerning all your ailments. Too many possibilities as to the cause or causes.
6667204	Body very itchy sporadic bites. On my face fingers hand arms and ankles happened over night at a friends house. Slept on floor they spread when itched?	Buggy floor Insect bites can be a trigger for histamine release and so you can get hives after an exposure both at the site of being bitten and away from the bite site as well. This generally resolves within a week. Try otc 10mg cetirizine once or twice a day (longer acting and less sedating) or shorter acting Benadryl. If the rash worsens after 2 days, then contact a physician for "next-step" advice.
896231	Im playing guitar4 two yrs.4months ago i dvlpd a cyst in left hand mid finger.Pip swelled and it formed.Doc gave me%2.5ketoprofen.What2do still there?	Cyst If bothering you or increasing in size, it has to be operated on. Ketoprofen is only for pain.
492632	Have endometriosis&lower abdominal pain. Was on cont.Bc for 5yrs then had problems again, now on depo.Bleed whenever have sex or orgasm.Why&what to do?	Consider new Rx Other options include medical rx(gnrh agonist) or surgical rx( hysteroscopy & laparoscopy with ablation of any implants).
6788789	Skin infection right groin swollen lymph node left groin. Can the left lymph node be reacting to the right groin skin infection?	Swollen node A lymph node will enlarge if there is a nearby skin infection. As the node responds, lymphocyte populations increase and expand the node. Lymphatic drainage isn't a precise mater so lymph fluid from the right may cross over the midline and enter the left groin nodes. See your doctor for treatment.
1499833	Could chest tightness and pain come from gallbladder disease? Been having symptoms for two weeks. ER ran EKG said heart was fine.	Gallbladder Yes. You can have chest pain from gallbladder.. Since it is 2 weeks would seek medical attention from doctor/urgent care. They can order studies like hepatic blood tests, sonogram to look for galbladder disease or HIDA scan if sonogram is not diagnostic. Other conditions to consider are reflux, gastritis, H pylori, achalasia (if when eating) rarely MVP, cardiac spasms/microvascular disease
1285692	Lump under cheek bone, like a firm sac, runs in direction diagonally from ear to mouth deep down. Could it be anything to do with a tooth/jaw infectio?	Number of things.. There are a number of causes for this. You would want to visit with a dentist first to rule out the possibility of a dental infection. Your dentist will refer you to an ENT if there are other signs such as sinus or salivary infection that needs further evaluation.
1402510	I'm 5wks pregnant and I'm so itchy, especially my feet and hands. No rash. why? Something serious? Keeping me awake	Hormones This early in pregnancy, the problem is probably due to poor hydration (you need 3-5 glasses of WATER daily) and/or the hormonal changes in pregnancy. If the problem persists, see your OB doc and tell him/her. Cholestasis of pregnancy causes severe itching of palms/soles esp at night. Can be a serious issue in pregnancy. Let your doctor know.
1402047	Reoccurring short periods of sore throat, congestion, cough and fever (101-102) every 9-12 months the past few years. Had mono age 15, causing this?	Not uncommon Having one or two episodes of short lived viral infections a year is pretty normal. Viral infections last 3 to 7 days typically. Typically it will happen in the winter months.
346893	Im a 39 year old woman  had a fever and then got the blisters on my hands and feets and a had a sore throat I have had this for 2 wks?	Hand Foot Mouth This really sounds like hand foot mouth disease. It's a common problem, usually affecting young kids, but vcan easily be passed on to adults. The blisters are painful, but the illness is self limiting, lasting 1-2 weeks. My 4 y.O caught it in school and gave it to my wife. It was really going around in late summer and early fall here in new york.
794800	A family friend had an infection in her wisdom teeth , amoxicilin 500 mg capsule was prescribed by her dentist .Now she has rash on the face is it ok?	Rash is Not OK A rash is telling you that something is not well. It is very rare to see anybody show an allergic reaction to amoxicillin, however it can happen. The rash may be a result of something else that the patient is having happen at the same time. Therefore, it is good to have the dentist and/or physician evaluate what is occurring with this patient at this time.
856680	Yesterday i sex with my wife without protect and give sparm in her vagina;today her period is started, is it possible to get pregnant? I am new married	Not Pregnant It is not possible to get pregnant the day before the normal and expected menstrual cycle begins. She cannot be pregnant from this encounter. Please, as a sexually active adult, learn the basics on when in a women's cycle she is at risk of getting pregnant and how to prevent pregnancy.
692518	Been really itchy for months started off on my legs and now itching everywhere no visable bites, rash or dry skin can you help?	See below Hard to say but there are a few possibilities. I would recommend seeing you doc for an eval.
493325	I had condom sex 3mths ago and a late heavy period a few weeks later. I haven't had a period for 2 mths, sore nipples, white vaginal discharge. Pregnant?	Possibly These may be signs of pregnancy. I would recommend that you have a pregnancy test done to evaluate for this.
6691236	I had RT. leg pain..went to GP she sent me for an ultrasound.  Color Doppler came back negative for DVT.  Should I still be worried? I think the dull ache I have is coming from my lower right back..	About DVT: no If the ultrasound is normal then the probability is low that there is clot. It is not out of the question that pain down the legs is from the back. Best way to see is with an MRI of the lumbar spine. Talk to your primary care doctor for a direction to go
1377406	5 day pain on off under ribs,left armpit,top of breasts, jaw sholdr.normal heart ratebreath,bp.cardiac ct,chest ct, ecg,echo cardiac all normal??	Non cardiac chest pa Since all your studies are all normal , I suspect the issue of your chest pain is not related to your heart . Perhaps it may have been related to a viral illness that caused some joint and muscle inflammation , that since has resolved . If there is a recurrence ,of the same symptoms , see a Rheumatologist .
866240	Gonorrhea and chlamydia came back, I am now wondering if the antibiotic treatments have failed or if I have something else?	Reinfection The most common reason an std returns is because someone re-infected you. Your same partner or a new partner. If you have gonorrhea and chlamydia, all of your partner(s) needs to complete antibiotics too. There are some cases of antibiotic resistant gonorrhea, but those aren't widespread yet. Make sure that on your retreatment, both you and your partner(s) complete entire antibiotic therapy!
6636981	Got inhaled & IV anesthesia, came home w/ vomiting, swollen & sore throat, abdomen pain, itchy eyes. Allergy? Allergic 2sum opiates,nsaids,antibiotics	Follow up These symptoms are consistent with an allergic reaction and you should be seen at the hospital. Take an anti histamine and please go to the ED.
1104251	Can you tell me how much time do the breasts take normally to get back to their pre-pregnancy size after one's stopped breast feeding?	Never the same. After you have finished nursing completely, it doesn't take all that long for your breasts to decrease in size, maybe 1-2 months. However your breasts do usually lose about a cup size after you have breast fed.
354704	Can an impacted wisdom tooth cause dizziness and aches?	Infected If infected, yes. For best results with wisdom teeth, make sure you are evaluated and treated by a board certified oral & maxillofacial surgeon.
6696519	At night when I lay down I start getting a itchy throat and a dry cough why is that  it's just nights is this a bad thing should I see a doctor ?	Not a bad thing but need to see your doctor, airway inflammation, reflux, sinusitis, rhinitis, all those could be the cause for your symptoms, your doctor would be able to decide on management, good luck
1577257	What could be the cause of a low calcium level of 8.2? Albumin 4.6, Globulin 1.8, BUN 16, Vit D 38. Sodium slightly elevated but all else in range	Calcium What is your ionized calcium level? Why skin biopsy? And what other medications are you taking ie for depression and anxiety? Answer to all these can help us find answer to your query.
1210312	My 3 year old daughter keeps getting peeling skin on hands and feet. Is this serious?	Peeling skin Peeling skin of the hands and feet is usually seen after a strep infection or kawasaki disease. Check with your doctor if you haven' t up till now.
818584	Can someone have scar tissue in the fat pad of the knee? I had a lot of plica removed from the knee now I have more pain a year later after the surger	Knee Arthroscopy Yes scar tissue is inevitable after surgery and particularly in the area of the "anterior fatpad" --located directly downstream of the patella and is the most common sight of scar tissue development after knee arthroscopy.
1171169	I woke up with a sore throat, achey body, headache and fatigue. Whilr i was in the shower i was able to cough up phlegm mixed with blood + i feel hot?	See a doctor If you have fever and are coughing up mucous and blood you should go and be seen immediately, to an er if necessary. If this is related to strep throat you have the potential to have a life-threatening condition. Please go now and i hope this turns out to be only a minor issue, but do not gamble. Good luck.
1404262	I am a 46 year old female and I have been having joint pain and stiffness in both my hands, knees, left wrist, left elbow and right foot and ankle for?	Arthritis You are having some type of arthritis. Your doctor can do blood test, an exam and possibly X-rays to determine the best treatment for you. Get in right away.
1171167	9 days ago i started having intermittent sharp pains on the Rh side of my head. The spot is tender to touch but not extremely sore. No head injuries. ?	Neuralgia Most likely you're having neuralgia symptoms coming from a scalp nerve. These are not serious and may resolve in time. See your physician if they persist or worsen.
491787	Went for an 8 week vaginal ultrasound after spotting doctor found no baby in sac my hCG levels were 21000 i will be going back in three days to re tes?	Blighted Ovum Unfortunately, this is one of the most common causes of miscarriage. During the very early stages of pregnancy, some cells become the fetus and others the placenta and membranes. When this differentiation doesn't occur, the sac is empty, as no fetus ever developed. More than likely, you will need a d & c. So sorry.
6742559	I have a sore spot on the top left side of my head. It's almost like a bruise - red & tender. I don't think I hit my head and I feel fine otherwise.	Forehead spot Sounds like folliculitis See your doctor
1198945	Flu like symptoms and rash on arms  chest and stomach have headaches and extremely tired what could this be?	Viral Infection? It may be a viral infection and i will advice you get yourself checked by your doctor.
716419	Severe knee pain for 12 days. Calf pain and ankle pain. Feels like water running in ankle. Stiff ankle and acl. Can't rest heel without pain.	See your doctor There are different possible causes for knee, calf and ankle pain. The most worrisome would be a blood clot. Would recommend an evaluation with your physician or local orthopaedic surgeon to identify the cause and recommend treatment.
6736403	Fatigue, caugh, pain in stomach& back, discharge, spotting, dizziness, feel like  I'm gonna faint, headaches, nausea, acid reflux, weak. This be?	You're sick Presley, sounds like you are definitely under the weather. You should drink LOTS of fluids, some with salt (like soup or GatorAde) (at least 1 glass or cup every hour while awake) and get a pregnancy test. If this lasts more than a day or so, and especially if you actually do pass out or have fever or neck pain you really need to go to a clinic. Good luck!
1047724	My physical bloodwork came back with a 2.4 albumin/globulin ratio.   My total protein was 6.4.   Is this something I should have checked into further?	Ignore it If your other labs are unremarkable and you feel well, this kind of inquiry is not likely to provide any useful information. Many people do not understand that lab reference ranges are set up so that several percent of healthy people fall outside. Best wishes.
1198948	2 red spots where the line of the vagina starts above the clitoris in between the line red, itchy and both in exact spot in opp sides? Shaving caused ?	Shaving or yeast This could be irritation from shaving or it could be a small area of yeast infection. You could try some over the counter yeast treatment on the area. If this does not work to clear it up i would suggest having your healthcare provider look at it.
6723367	Heart hurts when breathing after running and, chest feels tight.	Poor conditioning- gradual training for more exercise may eliminate it. it is not a medical condition.
6792607	I had had a long history of ovarian cysts and surgeries, and I am tired of being in horrible pain. should I consider removing the troubled ovary?	Talk to GYN Although this may be a solution , you will need to discuss with your surgeon re. the pros and cons of such a procedure. Get a 2nd opinion if needed.
773505	I have i think is skin infection on knee. It is red/ tender w little green puss in the middle. Seems to be contracting a little. Should i be concerned?	See Physician Sounds like infection. Regardless, this does not sound normal, so get medical attention.
390272	Why is the skin on my hands, arms, and feet turning red? I am a 53 year old who just recently was put on propranolol. I don't understand that because my blood pressure is already low. Anyway...My skin on my hands, arms, and feet are turning red. I called	The The skin of the palms and soles is very vascualar and there are many loops of dialted vessels thta help to regulate heat. They are often the first area to seem redder, hotterer w systemic changes.
773500	My test is positive for herpes 1 and negative for herpes 2  (all  igg)  but  also positive IgM herpes too. Would you say I have type 1 or 2 ?	Both 1 and 2 Sounds like you have an acute infection with herpes 2. Igm indicated acute infection. The igg will become positive with time. A positive igg for herpes 1 indicates prior exposure to herpes 1.
1571175	Below navel and tail-bone pain, began with sharp cramping and vulvar stabbing sensation. Swollen & tender abdomen. Not UTI or constipation. 18 hours.	Go to the ER. Go to the ER.
1287056	2wks post op hysterectomy-everything gone but ovaries. Still very dizzy, weak, blurred vision, exhausted but can't sleep, nausea diarrhea. Help?	See your surgeon. Although none of those are specific side effects of hysterectomy, you should not be feeling this bad two weeks after surgery. I would return to see your surgeon to discuss it and to see what can be done to make you feel better. Good luck.
1297942	Docs, could a blood test or urine test detect chlamydia?	Testing Chlamydia tests include a culture that may take 5 to 7 days to grow. A direct fluorescent antibody test looks for antigens. A nucleic acid hybridization test or a nucleic acid amplification test looks for chlamydia dna &enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. Directing sampling uses fluids from cervix, urethra throat, eye (whichever area is impacted). Urine testing is also possible.
6652471	Swollen, tender lymph (red on one side) nodes under BOTH armpits (different spots though) since Tuesday (5 days). When to see Dr? What could it be?	R/O HIRADENITIS It may be HIRADENITIS Supporitiva , a type of folliculitis is that can occur in the groin or armpit region. You need to be examined to make sure it is not an enlarged lymph node. Also lab work and potentially an ultrasound of the area. Your doctor may prescribe both topical and oral antibiotics. If it doesn't resolve referral to a surgeon maybe needed.
1230284	I'm 23, and i recently found a small pea sized lump near the bottom of my right breast, but sits near my breast bone. Should i be concerned?	Go to DR! Any time you feel a lump, especially one that sounds so clearly defined as the way you describe yours, you should go immediately to get it checked out. Don't wait. It may turn out to be nothing, but find out asap !
1571178	When I lay done and stretch I can hear a whooshing sound if my heart in my ear is that bad? I also have mild palpitations	Pulsatile tinnitus this sounds like your are troubled by pulsatile tinnitus. this has a list of cause , mostly benign. I would recommend that you see your doctor when you have time (not urgent...no ER needed). sometimes we evaluate the blood vessels in head/neck with MRI/MRA to make sure nothing is going on to cause your symptoms
6652476	Hi I am really embarrassed at the moment I am 37 weeks pregnant n have an itchy clitoris n it's quite sore when I scratch it also red n a little swollen what's wrong with me?	Normal No need for embarrassment. This happens and can be hormone related. There is always the possibility of bacterial infection with clitoral swelling and redness, even in pregnancy, so wise to let your OB know. Suggestions: ice, avoid irritation (blot/pat dry instead of wiping), bathe instead of shower, tucks pads, fragrance free soap (like dove).
323659	I have a cough and a little bit of mucus in my throat but no congestion or headache or sore throat just the cough and mucus like feeling in my throat?	And your question? The symptoms you describe are minimal and usually are associated with a viral URI or allergies. Many data are missing to formulate a proper answer.
6783178	using qvar, ventolin and pred to control wheezing and coughing.  Doc weaning me off pred and prescribed Dulera, afraid of side effects, should I use?	Mgt Dulera compared with oral prednisone has fewer serious side effects. I would suggest having an EKG 12 lead and avoiding caffeine while using Dulera. If you notice any side effects, it is important to see your PCP.
6665718	Frequent headaches over past year & everyday for about 2+ weeks. Also have pain in left ear, left throat/neck, & a small lump near end of jaw bone.	Temporal arteritis? this is a possibility that temporal arteritis could cause these symptoms but you must consider a malignancy in the vestibular system as well
962745	I had my period but my breasts are sore and there is visible blue veins on my chest, what might be the cause?	Normal finding I am amazed about how often I have women ask me about the veins on their breast. Occasionally they are spider veins but mostly they are blue veins. These are almost always normal findings and normal variations of chest veins. They tend to be more pronounced in fair skinned females and they may be related to hereditary factors or even pregnancies. No treatment is necessary unless for cosmetics.
1423619	I have an indirect left inguinal hernia 11mm protrusion of extraperitoneal fat i am wearing a truss can i travel before my surgery in 2 weeks.	If hernia is only 11mm and is extraperitoneal and you are not in significant pain then you should be able to travel but minimize what you have to lift.
1437379	Been having sore breast, butterflies in stomach, nausea,  lower back pain, but I have an IUD and don't have a period could I still be pregnant?	Yes No form of birth control is 100%, do a home test, if- get in 4 a blood test. A pregnancy with an IUD is not a good thing.
1379805	Mild random chest pain on left side of chest.. usually under breast. Almost feels like ribs. Had EKG, bw, stress test, ECHO and xray..all normal?!	Not your heart Your heart has been ruled out as the cause.
1426205	What can I use for this itchy red rash underneath both of my breasts? I'm really big breasted and they sweat and cause this irritation.	Antifungal cream It is common for women to get a yeast infection under their breasts especially in the warm weather. The best treatment is to use an over the counter yeast cream like lamisil twice a day unitl it is resolved. After it has resolved start the treatment again at the first sign of new infection. When applying the cream use a thin layer only.
1011851	Normal echo..Stress test normal..Thyroid test normal..Blood work good..Cardiac enyzmes good..Ekg shows normal heartbeat..Dr said its just fast..Good?	How fast? Heart rates between 60 to 100 are considered normal for most adults. Some normal adults fall outside this range but not too much.
1358427	We are trying to conceive therefore in between a missed period if i have jackfruit will it lead to miscarriage if i am pregnant?	Difficult to say There is a lot of conflicting information and very little scientific study about eating Jack fruit during pregnancy. It is best to ask your own doctor for this. An Indian Women's Hospital website -http://guptehospital.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=98-states that eating Jack Fruit in moderation causes no problems during pregnancy.
839992	Igg was 1570 norm 717-1411, igm, IgA normal- sed rate, CRP norm. Cbc norm. Cmp norm cept co2 was 22 norm is 23-32. Ana was 1:160speckled, hands feet tingly at times. No raynaud why hi IgG and low co2?	You need a......? Reflex ana, or an ANA profile. I would also add an ace assay. Sle and other collagen vascular disease usally have a normal crp. You have not explained you take plaquenil, and why you are on it is important. Having ANA positivity alone is not justification for this drug. You may or may not have an autoimmune disease, but you have not had the tests done, or did not provide the information!
1228271	On bc, emoquette.2nd pack, 2nd row. Had unprotected sex.7 days later having PMS like cramps, gas & sore breasts week before placebo pills.Am i pregnant?	Unlikely Pregnancy is unlikely if you are compliant with your oral contraceptive. Do a home pregnancy test if you are concerned.
839995	My breast is tender and sore last nite i throw up and my stomach bein hurtin for 2weeks now could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
6743919	Unprotected sex w 2 different guys. I took Next Choice. Not on bc, they both pulled out. Now Have itchy, swollen vagina with white creamy discharge. ?	STD It sounds like you might have an infection (a sexually transmitted disease). You may want to get tested for STDs. Most are easy to treat, but you will have to make the effort to get tested to confirm the diagnosis. See your doctor.
1220294	Had unprotected sex while ovulating and then had a one day period 2wks later, i've been cramping, feeling bloated, dizziness, emotional, no energy?	You have infection You have an infection. Please contact your physician.
357548	Can micronazole nirate 2% vaginal antifungal cream can be used to treat ringworm between breasts too?It stopped being red, itchy but still in healing	Yes Miconazole is an appropriate anti-fungal medication for the treatment of fungal infections.
908724	Random cramping on legs, sore inner knees, random bruises on legs. Any ideas?	Severe cramping can Severe cramping can lead to hematoma blood leakage into the soft tissues from the injured muscle that a day or two will surface on the skin.
1603133	Unprotected sex before& during ovulation, 2weeks later diarrhea, dark nipples, extremely moody, cramps. how early can I home pregnancy test?	About now Within one week from missing your period
781809	Is it possible for a person to request an angiogram without a specific referral from the physician if he/she agrees to pay for the test?	Angiogram A person can request anything. An ethical physician will not offer a test unless the benefits to risks of the test for the individual patient are appropriate.
1102159	I've been diagnosed with accute ebv, can it cause ongoing foot, elbow, knee, and hand joint pain?	EBV This illness is seldom if ever manifested by acute arthritis and something else is likely to be going on at the same time. Get yourself fully evaluated. Hope this clears up quickly.
6745778	Constantly spitting up balls of white/yellow mucus. Sore throat over year. Cobblestone throat. Tried allergy, acid reflux, steriod meds No help. ?	Pulmonary infection HIV may be associated with lung infection from opportunistic organisms which do not usually make healthy people ill. Consult your infectious disease specialist.
128236	Can I drink non alcoholic beer with klonopin?	Depends on whether You have an underlying alcohol problem. If that is the case, Clonazepam itself may be a problem for you, but the taste and smell of beer can be a trigger to move from the non-alcoholic variety (which still has about 0. 5% alcohol) to something stronger. If there is no underlying alcohol issues, the tiny amount of alcohol in the beer will not interact seriously with Klonopin in most people.
480551	I can't shake it. Headache, cough, chest congestion, sore muscles, sensitive skin, lots of flem, sinus congestion, sore throat, no fever ?	MD Md's are the "i can't shake it" answer people. They know a lot, go see one.
879436	Can you tell me how long it should take for the swelling to go down from a bee sting?	Bee sting Usually one to three days but it can take longer if there is an allergic reaction or a secondary infection.
879434	What works against swelling from a bee sting?	Bee sting Remove stinger by scraping along edge of skin with credit card. Clean area with soap ; warm water. Apply ice in 10 min. Increments; alternating 10 on ; 10 off. You can take tylenol, Aspirin or Motrin for pain or Benadryl for swelling. Make a paste of 2 parts baking soda ; 1 part water ; apply. Or you can apply a meat tenderizer poultice to the area. Throat, airway, mouth swelling? Call 911!
1446166	I have  knot in front of my left ear with ear pressure  times thats very tight. Have face/head tingling with headaches and blurry visision?	Head symptoms The face,head tingling and headaches with blurry vision need to be evaluated soon. The knot in front of your ear can be from any number of things. Please see your doctor to be evaluated today.
65602	I woke up and randomly the hearing out of my left ear sounds muffled it has been like this for a week what could be the cause?	Hopefully wax Wax can occlude your ear canal leading to fullness and hearing loss. It also could be fluid in your middle ear space or other possibilities. Best to start with your primary care doctor or see an ENT for evaluation.
1113152	If mono is no longer present in your system how do you know if the EBV virus is still in my system?  And will it ever go away?	Ebv serology Einstein barr virus can be checked for in the blood. You can tell if there is an active infection or if it is an old infection. See your doctor and he or she can check your blood if you still have symptoms.
616834	My husband had a double inguinal hernia operation on thursday. His calves are very swollen today. Should i take him to the hospital?	Yes This mandates medical evaluation immediately.
927047	I have a protein shake called genuine muscle milk light that's caffeine in it, is it ok to drink it?	Yes But the caffeine will stimulate your brain and make you "feel good" artificially. That is why it is in it!
1263035	Does musterbation has anything with joint paint in elbows, knees, and hands. Because every time i do, i get paint in my joints?	Possibly Masturbation can increase sensation anywhere, even to the point of discomfort. It is not known to cause actual arthritis. Experiment with frequency, speed, lubrication.
1422695	Dr. I was active on my fertile days. AF due in 3 days. Have back  and head aches .Today noticed a yellow spot not discharge.early pregnancy?	You tell Us None of your described symptoms are diagnostic of pregnancy. And we would not ever speculate. If your period does not start then you should do a home pregnancy test.
686189	Could pimple like bumps in your vagina area be a sign of herpes?	Could be Vessicles(small blisters) or pustules(small pimples) are consistant with herpetic lesions.
1376449	3 months since vacuum assisted core biopsy on area (not mass) in breast. Area still looks exactly the same as it did before biopsy..I thought vacuum assisted biopsy removed the whole area?	Not usually The vacuum assisted core biopsy might entirely remove a very small lesion, maybe 7 or 8mm or less, but usually not larger lesions. If microcalcifications were being biopsied, some should have been removed, perhaps all if the cluster was small, and the decreased number of calcs should be apparent on mammography. If there was no mass and there weren't microcalcifications, what was biopsied?
1376446	Does Requip cause weight gain? Does Gabapentin cause weight gain? Does Lyrica cause weight gain? Thanks!	Mostly Lyrica Weight gain is more common with Lyrica or Pregabalin then with Requip or Neurontin. One can counter this side effect with a healthy diet and regular exercise. Discuss your treatment options with your doctor.
1184187	Sharp pain under left rib along with bloating. Nausea, headaches, constipation and gas. What could this be?	? Gas collection Left upper abdominal discomfort may be due to gas trapped in the splenic flexure of the colon with bloating. Another cause could be mild muscle strain. Are you doing anything that may be straining that area? Do turning and twisting affect that area? If the discomfort persists or worsens, your physician may check further with a ct scan or a mri.
641363	Pain between ankles and knees, numbness from ankles to toes after running and sharp pains both legs from ankles an moving up what could this be?	Clarification Needed Are all these symptoms occurring immediately after or at the end of a vigorous run? If so this could be exercise induced 'compartment syndrome' . Try stretching before each run, decrease your speed and avoid sprinting. This problem is typically related to overuse or biomechanically misused muscles.
943486	My 14 year old son has large testicles and small black hairs on his scrotum, he has had this for a long time when will the other stages of puberty come?	Puberty Your son maybe a slow bloomer. Why don't you schedule a physical exam by his pediatrician to confirm his tanner stage which will determine whether if he needs to see a specialist or not. Do not wait any longer as his biological clock is ticking. Good luck.
1595543	Tiny red bumps appeared on my hand they were a little itchy but then the next day, where the bumps were, small black lines appeared, what could it be?	Skin inflammation Dyshydrotic eczema has similar features you describe. Send us some pics or get examined by your PCP for definite diagnosis. Try moisturizers/ olive oil and OTC cortisone cream in the meantime, You may need a higher strength by prescription if needed.
943332	Its been a week today since I have been on amoxicillin for an ear infection & i still feel mild pain within my ear, is this normal?	It can be if there Is still congestion. Have you used a decongestant to try to reduce swelling?
1430215	My throat is really swollen and sore. It hurts to swallow. And when I breathe my chest hurts. Suggestions?	Consult a doc Please see a doc ASAP. You may need treatment.
805034	What if i had a yeast infection then my period and then a yeast infection again. Could i be pregnant?	HPT Having a yeast infection may be more frequent when pregnancy but does not mean you are pregnant. If you had a normal period - you would not be pregnant from prior to your period. If you next period is late- take a pregnancy test.
850944	I have a asymmetrical mole with different shades and a small black tubular growth crossing it.I used a pic of it for my profile. Is it melanoma.	Ask dermatologist Ask your dermatologist. They will be happy to evaluate the mole and remove if suspicious. Some might also remove if you have cosmetic concerns.
800511	Had unprotected sex a week and a half ago, 2 days after period ended. Have waves of headaches, dizziness, nausea, bloating, food cravings. Pregnant?	Possibly Only way to know is check a pregnancy test.
800044	Stomach pains in the lower abdominal area and bloating feeling sometimes diarrhoea bloods and urine tests done both came back ok what else can be done	See a GI doctor Blood and urine tests may be interesting, but are not likely to solve this issue. You need a full history and physical exam, possibly including imaging studies and if necessary, endoscopy after examination of your stools. Go see someone soon. This can be infectious, inflammatory bowel disease, rarely cancer. Get checked. Good luck.
914026	Red dot at the front of my penis glans about a CM under the urethra. Got tested for chlamydia, gonnerhoea, HIV and syphilis and all were negative. Ideas?	NOT SERIOUS Since all the conditions you wrote have been ruled out, and you still have a red dot, it may be completely harmless. It can be pearly penile papules do not require any treatment, fordyce spots which are difficult to treat, psoriasis which may start from the glans penis rarely, balanitis/posthitis i am sure your doctor has ruled out genital warts by examination if you are concerned consult a dermatologi.
1344721	My period is 5 days late i took 2 home tests and its negative i have had lower abdominal cramping and bloated feeling. could i be pregnant please help?	Yes Certainly pregnancy is a possibility. Take another test in no less than 4 days.
6769089	The creases of my elbow get really itchy and I end up scratching until it's sore and bleeds. The skin is not dry. Whats causing it, how do I treat it?	Eczema See a dermatologist. The most likely diagnosis is eczema. You should respond to a prescription cortisone. Meanwhile try OTC hydrocortisone cream.
652889	Can these symptoms be sign of thyroid manfunction? Pressur in head, feeling like something is in throat, menstrual blood is brown, skin in outer ear dry	No Hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism does not cause the symptoms you described. See you primary care doctor.
6670395	Are blood test 100% accurate for judging crohns flare ups? I feel like I have had the worst flare up ever. Diarrhea, blood in stool, nausea, pain. Everything negative. Help?	No There is no test that I know of that is 100% accurate for any medical condition. There is no specific test that will rule in or rule out Crohn's flare ups. Commonly used, ESR and CRP are non specific inflammation tests. Patients with Crohn's still develop gastroenteritis or colitis like diseases that are commonly assigned and treated as flare ups.
539508	What do I have when I have drainage, sore throat, cough, headache, stomach pain, diarrhea, nausea, gurgling in stomach, and maybe acid reflux?	Viral syndrome It sounds like a viral infection. See your doctor who can best determine this and treat your symptoms as needed.
564415	2yr old snores really loud at night & sometimes gasp for air. Could it be large adenoids or sleep apnea?  He also have iron deficiency anemia. Thanks	Yes Snoring @ 2 is a bit unusual & will likely get worse as the tonsils & adenoids grow faster than the kid at this age. If you notice pauses >10 seconds in snoring & the kid naps a lot during the day when the other kids are playing, it is time to pursue an ENT evaluation.The iron issue is unrelated but could aggravate the symptoms.
1063578	I have pains in my chest right in my breast area and in my ribs on the sides under my arm pits. Both of my arms go numb and have pain what could it be?	Pain. It seems like t1-2 nerve root distribution irritated. You need to see a doctor to find the etiology.
1269900	Can i be absol sure i'm not pregnant? Blood test for hCG negative, transvaginal ultrasound shows nothing.Both tests done almost 10 weeks since last sex	Stop having Sex Until you can understand your body and deal with the real life consequences of your sexual choices perhaps it is time to step back for a moment and not be sexual. First will come learning what ovulation means and when this happens in your cycle. Second, how to prevent pregnancy until you are old enough to support a baby on your own or have the time to make a family. You are not pregnant.
1475567	All the girls and i that used the water bottles in hockey have same symptoms. Ear ache, sore throat, bodyache, chills, nausea, but NO FEVER. Help?	If you're under 16yr Thanks for your interest in HealthTap. Your question might not get answered if you are under age 16 years and writing your own questions. Have a trusted adult or parent submit your questions, using your account to ask about your concerns. There are many pediatricians on HealthTap with a great deal of expertise, but they look for questions submitted by adults on behalf of teens or younger children.
6710438	Concern? Burning,pins and needles slight numbness in right shoulder radiates to let we're arm and collar bone ,breathing fine heart fine what do I do	See Your PCP for initial evaluation. Such symptoms could be from shoulder or cervical radiculopthy
1290710	I had an inguinal hernia repair nearly 4 months ago. Over the last few days, the testicle on the same side has swelled again. Should i be worrie?	See your surgeon This could represent a fluid collection known as a seroma, or a recurrent hernia. Best to see your surgeon for an exam to find out. Hope this helps!
664197	No heart problems clear spine brain mri, but still having feeling of blood rushing in arms legs and head. Have hbp making me very anxious. Is this gad?	Very possibly Treat gad trial therapy should improve on anxiolytics if it is worth a try.
33741	Could the carotid arteries clear themselves or with massaging my neck?	Don't do it Develope treatment plan with your doctor. Rubbing your neck can affect your heart beat and could cause a stroke.
799182	Could a prolapsed uterus cause repeat infections and abdo pain and swelling? Look very pregnant and pain in kidneys. Blood tst ok, white bc in urine.	Yes A prolapsed uterus pulls the bladder down through the vagina with it and can cause repeated infections. The ligaments that hold up the uterus have "fallen down on the job" and you can "sue them for non-support." this is common in multiple vaginal childbirths, chronic coughers(smokers) and those who lift heavy objects. A gyn surgeon can be an "uplifting experience" in fixing this problem.
799183	Fracture L4 L5 sometimes it is difficult for me to walk especially left leg?	Check for weakness After a spine fracture the nerves can be pressed or squeezed. Injections can often help, but sometimes you will need the nerve freed of compression surgically. Time to be checked by a spine specialist.
6775465	I've been having frequent urination, light cramps, sore breast, clear discharge 2 days late on my period? Could I be pregnant ? Had sex a week b4 per.	Do pregnancy test A woman can get pregnant anytime she has sex. You can wait a few days to see if you have a normal period, and if not, do a pregnancy test. If it is negative, do another test in a week. If you do not want to be pregnant, protect yourself with reliable birth control. Sexually transmitted diseases (STD) can cause changes in menstruation. Protect yourself from STD, use condoms consistently.
673903	Mirena removed 3/13, sex since 3/15, swollen breast, spotting3/27, milky discharge, nausea during sex.Metformin for pcos a month now. Could i be pregnant.	Nausea Of course! that is always a possibility that needs to be considered. There are other possibilities however there are some blood tests that need to be looked into including checking your prolactin levels and thyroid but i would start with a pregnancy test :-).
6774738	Nausea b4 sleep no food for 12h. Wokeup to pvc then,kinda paniced, palpitation with PVC, feet/hand tingle/numb,faceflushed,lightheadedness(faint),had juice felt betterafter,then rushedER EKG/BP normal	Prob anxiety Given your young age, and the history you provided, this does seem like you had a potential anxiety response. Your are using term "pvc", I presume you have had some evaluation to suggest you had this in the past. PVCs are very common and symptoms from PVCs are very variable. Reduce caffeine, take multivitamin, consider further evaluation if symptoms recur: labs, echocardiogram, etc.
759414	Urine labs received with out a reference. Creatine 32, protein 12.1, pro/ cret ratio .38. Are these results with in normal range?	This This is an estimate of how much protein you are spilling in your urine. You are spilling some, but not a large amount to typically warrant a biopsy if the numbers are correct. Your rheumatologist may still want you to see a nephrologist or kidney doctor to see if they can minimize any protein spillage.
1426894	3.5 weeks ago I had unprotected sex took morning after pill  2 negative tests  period for one day then brown discharge does this mean I am pregnant?	Pregnant No you re not pregnant. Brown discharge may be old unoxygenated bloood
6650206	I do not recieve a period on Lo Loestrin Fe, do I still ovulate and what are the chances of me getting pregnant if I had unprotected sex?	Low risk One of the nice side effects of Lo Lo Estrin is light or absent periods. This is what makes it popular. It is still designed to prevent pregnancy and stop ovulation. When taken correctly it is very effective. Because it is super low dose there is no margin for error. If you miss pills you can not rely on it. If you are missing pills consider an easier more effective method such as an IUD
1222567	Random pelvic pain daily. 2nd month of bcp. Negative blood pregnant test 5 weeks since sex. No cysts, not on period.No bladder infection. What could it b?	Constipation Try Linzess 145 mg.......See the difference.
1189050	Am i pregnant? Dry humping, no penetration/ period 7 days late/red spotting mid-cycle/mild cramping & nausea/watery clear discharge/neg hpt day 33/moved & started new job & school mid-cycle/stresssed.	Not pregnant Are you really asking if you can get pregnant without sperm? I honestly believe you are smart enough to know that this is impossible. You are not pregnant.
756696	2 days before period is supposed to be due. I have stuffy nose, bloating, leg cramps, increased cm, visible veins on chest and stomach. Pregnancy?	Very possibly All of the symptoms you described could be from pregnancy. It would be best to buy a test and find out.
1335689	I had a miscarriage n i still feel uncomfortably, is it dat the pregnancy hormones are not goin down or its becos of the thickness of ma uterus?	Depends I advise you to go to a GYN so that they can examine your uterus to make sure that the fetus and placenta have completely come out. Also to make sure you have no complications like bleeding or infections. Sorry for your loss.
537294	2 year- old girl developed a skin rash on her left thigh. It's a cluster of red bumps, non itchy and not filled with liquid, but the clusters keep spreading upwards.	Diaper rash If your baby wears diapers with an elastic band, she may have a latex allergy. Without seeing a picture olof the rash however, one can only speculate.
7122	My skin itches so bad i've started to bleed. What would be the best way to treat my itchy skin?	Itchy Skin Causes of inchy skin include: internal disease, skin conditions and rashes, nerve disorders, irritation and allergic reactions, medications, and pregnancy. See your doctor for blood work and diagnosis of the cause of your itchy skin.
1582146	Nausea stomach pain breast hurt and increase in discharge early pregnancy symptoms or pre period? Not surw when suppose to start also have pcos	Use pregnancy test These are symptoms of estrogen surge, which happens in early pregnancy and also at ovulation. If you have irregular periods and have had any sexual contact, then the only way to know if you're pregnant is a pregnancy test. If you have a sexual partner and don't wish to become pregnant, you need to use birth control.
1298272	Could anastrozole 1mg tablets for breast cancer also help in preventing bone cancer in women?	Prevents breast ca Hello, anastrozole is excellent in helping to keep breast cancer from coming back. When breast cancer returns it is usually to either the bones (most commonly), the liver, or the lungs (and other organs). Anastrozole is effective at preventing breast cancer from recurring in all of these places (and others). Bone cancer (like osteosarcoma) is very rare and not related to breast cancer good luck.
940610	For 8 months I have a small left side chest pain that comes and go. Ekg eko blood test X-ray chest are all fine. Need help. Thnx.	Left chest pain If i were to rule out heart issues, i'd go for a cardiac stress test. Other than heart issues, i would examine the back as it may give rise to the pain.
399539	Why do I have a swollen gum after a teeth cleaning? I was in for my regular six month check up last week, and since then the gum on the rear lower left side of my jaw looks and feels swollen. There is not a lot of pain, but it is a bit tender. Could my de	THIS This is a good question when your teeth are cleaned it is entirely possible that the hygienist has worked below the gum line to remove calculus, the tarter that accumulates when the plaque in not removed efficiently and and becomes calcified. The instruments that penetrate below the gum displace the tissue and they are used to scrap off the calculus and the lining of the gum pocket is stretched and scraped. This will produce an inflammatory response, and one of the five signs of inflammation is "tumor" from the latin which means swelling. There i think that answers your question. Dr neil mcleod dds dentistry nthat lasts - quality that counts.
1456418	As my period ends early 3 days..a few day later a little spot but then clear at the same time I feel cramps,bloated n uterus movement n AF come again?	Common problem Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
694686	What can cause uvula and "first arch" in mouth to be reddened? Tiny bumps on roof of mouth by uvula?  Have bad wisdom teeth & still have tonsils...	Multiple choice This could be as simple as a food allergy or intraoral dermatitis. It also could be the beginning of intraoral aphthous ulcers and/or herpes simplex virus. A visit to your oral health professional would be a good idea. Meanwhile periodic gargling with warm salt water may help keep the area clean, and might promote healing.
6680980	I have a mild ache/pain in my lower right abdomin. It has no tenderness and there is no nausea, vomiting or fever. Could it be appendicitis?	If the pain continue If the pain continues for more than 24h, it maybe appendicitis, so you should seek medical help.
1464951	Caught a cold-chest congestion, cough, runny nose, body aches, sore throat.Can't take OTC meds,I take too many prescription meds.Home remedies plz?	Cold home remedies 1.) Lots of fluids. 2) Use a humidifier or inhale steam/steamy shower (careful) 3) Saline nasal sprays or homemade salt nasal rinses. 4) Rest as much as possible 5)Salt water gargles 6)Hot drinks, tea, tea with honey or even whiskey 7) Extra pillow to elevate head 8) Small dabs of mentholated rub under nose 9) Zinc and Vit. C. This is all I ever do for colds. OTC meds don't work plus side effects
717766	I'm still getting my period, have had a negative blood test, and several negative home urine tests, panicking im pregnant, is it possible to be 22 wks?	No Nothing you are describing suggests you could be pregnant at all, much less 22 weeks. A 22 week pregnancy would be quite obvious. If you continue to be so anxious about this, talk to your doctor about getting a pelvic sonogram.
1262749	Past 2 evenings have been feeling very cold, weak, & achy all over, especially back & legs.No fever.Neck & chest muscles hurt when inhaling deeply?	Likely flu You seem to be exhibiting flu-like symptoms. Have a "rapid flu" testing soon.
1208978	Can your doctor tell if you are viremic with the herpes virus, can had tell if it was passed through the placenta to baby while pregnant?	Herpes simplex It is not possible to determine whether herpes virus is in the bloodstream on a routine basis. Transplacental acquisition of this virus by the fetus is quite uncommon, and the usual manner of infection is through vaginal delivery or postpartum touching by an infected person.
664991	How many ml's of childrens Benadryl can I give my 4yr old 36lb son. Severe nasal congestion, watery eyes , and cough. Also has allergies ?	Call Your Doctor This is the type of question you should be asking the child's pediatrician. This is to make sure that the Benadryl is safe, appropriate for the problem, and the correct dose for the problem.And that your child does not have issues that would increase risk.
1305613	Can TMJ cause ear pain. Soreness under ear and a little discomfort in front of ear. Ear pain is a deep ache. Jaw opens crooked and pops. Comes & goes.	Pain and dysfunction If the tmj/tmd issues last for awhile, some symptoms can affect the ear (s) in many ways. You may develop ringing in the ears; earaches, popping-grating-clicking that is heard constantly in the ears; roaring muffled sounds; hearing loss; on and on. It is better to see an ENT first if you have ear symptoms to rule out it being the ears as the source of the problem.
347113	Severe, nauseating entire knee pain after injury with bruising and swelling. Normal xray and mri, should I get a 2nd opinion? Also gives out and locks	Normal MRI? If it is "normal mri" then it means no meniscal or tendon problem. You may ask a second opinion for your MRI to be read by another radiologist.
1038726	What should we do for slight discoloration on my daughter's arm and legs? Legs also have some rashes that cause itchiness and flare up after swimming.	Eczema You need to use a moisturizer on her skin twice to three times a day. Moisturizer means either lotion, cream or ointment. Choose one without fragrance or added color. Itching will respond to Hydrocortisone 1% cream 2-3 times a day on those itchy areas. Too frequent bathing or swimming will make the dry skin worse.
6673555	I've been having stomach pains for the past 3 months, I've had 3 ultrasounds, 2 CT scans.. and several blood work done, I've also been the to the ER three times... At one point I had a really bad kidney infection.  Now I just had a HIDA scan a week a go,	R/O IBS VS ALLERGIES IBS is a diagnosis of exclusion. IUC/CROHNS DZ/IBD is inflammation usually DX by BX IBS SX can be managed .You need a full exam and blood work. Especially screen for H pylori . Also stool screen x 3 for occult blood /parasite/ &colonoscopy./EGD While you are getting these items checked out you should stick to a gluten free diet . Ie gutbliss.com and Wholeapproach.com GET FOOD ALLERGY TESTING
920513	My left breast near my armpit is sore to touch with lumps. No fever, redness or flu symptoms. Is it mastitis? I breastfeed	Mastitis It could be mastitis. I would continue breastfeeding and seek evaluation with a physician. If it is an early mastitis, antibiotics will likely be needed.
1548367	Grandma had lobular BC, worried that I have it. Thickening in breast tissue and pain for 5 mths. Mammogram and ultrasound fine.  Should I get MRI?	Analyzing this --- Mamo is insensitive for woman 20-25% based BRCA risk calcaulation from your family history. Family member having BC 20% or suspecious breast exam, get MRI. If
1541681	Alot of aching pain radiating from elbow to wrist and up my thumb.  I type all day.  Carpal tunnel?	Could be CTS Cut back on typing and wear a neutral splint at night for a couple of weeks. If symptoms persist get an EMG-NCS to clarify diagnosis and exclude confounding issues like polyneuropathy or median neuropathy above the wrist.
538675	How do I tell my mom about her snoring problem?	Carefully And with knowledge. Snoring may be an initial sign of a greater, life-threatening problem. She needs to see her physician and will most likely need a take home sleep test or one done at a facility. There are benefits to each type, talk to your md. If its just snoring or mild sleep apnea, a special mouth guard may help, made by a dentist.
363984	Anxiety or heart problems? Shortness of breath, chest pain, cramps all over the body, nervous, feeling of imminent death., since couple of months, went to pcp he diagnosed panic attacks without  eco  or any other test	See a mg professiona For medications and cognitive therapy.
887799	I've had a very painful headache for 2 days located behind my left eye and temple. Other symptoms are nausea and some dizziness. What should I do?	Cluster headache Get MRI brain with and without contrast and see neurologist.
1409649	Left tonsil swollen itchy throat int for years. Many allergies. If wheezing and take albuterol, tonsil subsides. Allergy, asthma, tonsil connection?	Possible reason Albuterol dilates blood vessels, so I don't think there is a direct effect. I suspect that you are a mouth breather and may hyperventilate because of your anxiety and poorly controlled allergies and asthma. After you take albuterol, your hyperventilation decreases, resulting in less dry air irritating your mouth. See an allergist/immunologist to improve your condition.
6724816	I have looks like blood spots on my arm and looks like solid dark around the elbow and also same on legs. Blood or dark spots and solid clot udr knee?	See MD I would recommend you see your MD for workup with some bloodwork and evaluation of the skin changes. This is hard to give more advise on without seeing the rash.
528991	What can be causing a  swollen tongue also middle of the night not able to breath through mouth. Feeling of the airway in chest closed.	Angioedema Do you wake up with a swollen tongue or it just feels that way? Tongue swelling is a serious problem and usually the swelling is not limited to the tongue. Do you take any medications before going to bed? It could be a medication side effect or a hereditary problem. You need to see an allergist.
862718	From having flat warts burned off on your penis does this mean that i can't have sexual intercourse without a condom without spreading them still?	Not necessarily Too much information to be included in such a small space with limited numbers ot words. Think you will find much of the information you need on this excellent web site. Good luck. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/pmh0050548/.
1409642	25 days after ACL reconstruction and meniscus repair,I hear my knee pop and crack when I bend my knee . Is this normal ?	Knee discomfort I would expect this to be present after reconstruction but I would certainly pass it by my Ortho
1439799	If I feel over heated and my body is pulsing/throbbing could my blood pressure be really high?! Already in hospital for HBP for pregnancy	Ask the doctor... You are in the hospital which means you are being closely monitored. They are taking your vital signs and monitoring you to make sure that everything is okay with the pregnancy. Report your symptoms - the medical staff is there and can evaluate you immediately to give you an absolutely accurate answer to how high your bp is at this time.
1061865	Do I have any reason to fear sca?!..Normal ekgs( normal heartbeat, just fast), a normal echo, normal stress test and overall normal blood work..Scared	Low risk If you have no family or personal history of sudden cardiac arrest, and all your testing has been normal, risk of sca would be very low.
938444	Does oxycodone 10/325 have more or less tylenol than 10/650 n wats da difference?	Obviously yes The 10/650 has double the amount of tylenol than the 10/325. I suggest not to take more than 2-3 times a day otherwise , you are putting your liver at significant risk of damage . If you absolutely need opiate medication regularly in frequent interval to control your pain, it would be advisable to give you plain oxycodone with out tylenol
1534463	Red oval kinda raised bumps around anus, inside of cheek, very itchy, hurts really bad, worse when wiped, sound like warts or pruritus ani?	Either unfortunately, your symptoms may be either one. You should definitely see your dermatologist to get the correct diagnosis. This is important as each has a completely different treatment.
175829	Two weeks after an ovarian cyst removal surgery, is it normal to feel the urge to pee more frequently?	No Likely during surgery a catheter was used to drain your bladder. In 10-20% of cases a low grade bladder infection could cause such frequency symptoms. The incision and surgical wound could also give similar symptoms? Might need some antibiotics. A urine culture could sort this out.
959604	I have a singular pimple/sore on the underside shaft of my penis. It started out as a hard bump but now has yellow looking pus inside. Is it herpes?	Penis Anatomy It is very common to get oil filled cysts on the penis and scrotum. These benign cysts are called sebaceous cysts. Herpes is a cluster of painful blisters that open up and have raw tender skin. From your description this does not sound like herpes.
1407778	Pcos. No preg.Gyn tested, no stds. Clear watery vaginal discharge. Can soak panties. Light labial itching. Other causes?  Smell sim to apple juice.	Normal or bacterial could be normal. theoretically a woman can have all sorts of vaginal discharge throughout her cycle. You may have just become more aware of it. or could be bacterial vaginosis - not an STD. usually white discharge. can smell fishy after sex. No big deal, but if it bothers you, see MD to get Rx.
1201494	I'm regular but this month missed period i felt nausea and dizzy. I saw light brown spotting for 5days then stop and my pt is negative. Am i pregnant?	No You said your pregnancy test is negative so this means that you are not pregnant. A late period from time to time is pretty normal. If you would like more cycle control see and obgyn and discuss your options for cycle regulation.
1201498	Nausea for 2 weeks, not being able to eat anything but salads . Burnt rubber smelling urine. Fatigue, dizziness and stomach pain. Not sexually active.	See your doctor ASAP There are many conditions that might be causing the symptoms that you have. But in any case, you definitely need to be evaluated as soon as possible. In the meantime i recommend that you trying to stay well hydrated and eat as well as you can tolerate. Good luck!
843109	1 bump that itches and hurts that has yellowish puss with brown in it. The brown almost looks like blood. It is in the area between anus and vagina.	Abscess You have an abscess that needs to be open and drined, so domt waste time and get to yourdoctor or er as soon as possible.
725174	Have small lump behind my r ear. Painful & lymph nodes in r neck swollen making neck hurt on the r. No other symptoms of infection. What is it? Er worthy?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
1223168	2 weeks late for period, unquechable thrust, fatigue, negative hpt's and blood test, blue vein in breast also breast getting bigger. Could i be preg?	Very unlikely Assuming that the hot was done on a first morning urine, pregnancy is highly unlikely. An hot should be positive by the time of any pregnancy symptoms. Most likely you didn't ovulate, which can cause high estrogen, which causes fatigue and swollen breasts.
6726419	Took Fluconazole for a yeast infection about two weeks ago, and now have a missed period. Could the Fluconazole have caused this?	No Diflucan doesn't impact a women's periods. There may be other reason you missed your period . Stress is frequently the cause of a missed period provided that you are not pregnant.
6730493	Cramps after period. Not pregnant had tubal. Lower back pain bloating  heavy feeling and strong smelling urine. Low Abdomen pain when pressing?	Possible UTI Call you GYN for a urine test and culture- you may have a UTI. Avoid sexual intercourse until cleared by your physician.
650999	Ache in upper right chest, as well as up right side of neck and down right arm ending before elbow. Hurt more with breathing.	Muscle strain Excessive strain of pectoralis major or minor muscles could cause these symptoms. Did you do some heavy lifting or pulling? Use heat & rest, & if symptoms worsen or continue see osteopath for diagnosis & physical therapist for treatment. You didn't reference a cough or shortness of breath. These would be symptoms of more serious problems. Absent neck pain, a pinched neck nerve is remote.
1208870	Unexplained small red bruise on inside of elbow, looks like a blood vessel ruptured underneath the skin. Of concern? What could it be caused by?	Sounds normal From your description it sounds normal, something like one would get after having had a needle puncture for a blood test. It should resolve within a week. If not consult with your family physician.
1472286	My daughter has been to A&E and has soft tissue damage to her right arm she now has a bruise to her elbow and shoulder is this normal healing?	Bruise Injury was on her arm and bruise is noted on the elbow?? Is she able to move the elbow and shoulder well? If she is not tender, moving her arm and elbow well then no need to worry. Occasionally bruise is not noted at the site of the injury but away from it. Please closely observe and get her seen if things do not improve.
403604	I had used a hair removing cream on my vagina. I removed it after 5 min. It was bleeding.Now it's itching VD  rashes.Need help. I feel there is some swelling as well. Can I use vaseline or any other cream to as it as rashes and burning sensation.	I I would recommend taking advil (ibuprofen) if you can tolerate advil with no problems, and taking Benadryl by mouth may help. Be sure all of the cream has been washed off completely. You could try a soothing cream such as vagisil also. If this doesn't help then you may need to be seen.
229759	If you are sexually active can you miss a period and not be pregnant?	Miss period/no/pregn Yes it is possible, if pregnancy test is negative, there may be another reason for it.
848685	Im a teen and I have a milimiter brown spot on my left nipple, maybe a tiny discoloration on 1of the patches? No pain/discharge, freckle/mole or cancer?	Likely benign I would watch it for increase in size, change in consistency or bleeding; if none of these then this is likely a benign mole.
6660894	Extremely  painful and swollen/tender inguinal lymph node in left groin area. About 2.5 inches long and growing. No know injuries or infections. ?	See a doctor. That sounds like it needs to be seen. Nodes can get infected but there are also glands in the same area that get infected. Either way tender enlarging lesions need to be seen. You may need antibiotics or even drainage and packing.
1011077	Have a mole on arm 3 x 3 mm mostly uniform colour with a little lighter spot in the middle. Recently noticed that it has become a bit raised. Cancer?	Mole Doesnt sound like cancer but to be sure check with your dermatologist.
6773171	Got spasm in depressor labii muscle after facial paralysis 15 months. Is there surgery such as selective myectomy to treat this aside from Botox?	May be nerve recover Consult neurosurgeon. May be nerve regenerating so I'd just watch it for 4-6 mo.
1027120	Besides a uti, std/sti, and pregnancy, what can cause burning with urination in women?	Dysuria It is very unlikely it is anything other than the options you describe. But, rare events such as kidney stones or any other process that leaks blood cells into the urine are also on the list.
6773175	Left side chest pain for over a year now.. Comes & goes but been here for 2 weeks recently. Normal ekg + chest xray. Doc says anxiety? Could b heart?	Chest pains Your chest pains are unlikely to be caused by a heart problem in view of a normal examination,your age, and normal ekg and chest xray. A common cause would be a pinched or irritable intercostal nerve or chest wall muscle which causes sharp,shooting pains with a deep breath or certain chest movement. Inflammation of the joint between the sternum and a rib is another cause and tenderness is common.
1376943	I've had a daily breast/nipple discomfort for two months now, should I worry about a pregnancy? I never had vaginal intercourse but only dry humping	No pregnancy You can't get pregnant by dry humping. Your breast discomfort is likely due to benign cause, but you should discuss with your doctor.
6786310	I'm 2 months late, 4 negative hpts but have nausea, cramps, backpain, headaches, slightly tender breast, insomnia, and constantly tired... Pregnant?	Questionable. There are other causes of missed periods besides pregnancy. It is time to get checked to find out what is causing two missed periods. Stop any new otc drugs or supplements you may have started taking in the last 4 months. Practice safe sex if you do not want to get pregnant.
393123	Should i go to the er? The doctor thinks I have mono, i got a mono and strep test done, both coming back negative, but the doctor says a mono test will usually come back negative in the first week. I have sore lymph-nods on my right hip, armpits and neck.	If If you are having trouble breathing or if you are having difficulty swallowing liquids(other than pain) you should go to the emergency room. You don't ever want to be in a position that you can not get oxygen. If you are having symptoms of possible mononucleosis (but you are not in acute distress) you should call your doctor back as he will likely need to re-examine you and get updated history for your new signs and symptoms. You sound like you feel really yucky. Hope you feel better soon.
338078	What could cause tender multiple swollen lymph nodes on left side of body in the neck and armpit with headaches and fatigue?	Many things Infection aoutoimmune disease cancer you should seek medical care from adult medical doctor.
1478060	I had arthoscopic knee surgery 4 weeks ago and my ankles are swollen.  Is this normal? What should I do?	Be seen I would certainly let your surgeon know. The most common cause if it involves both sides is that you have retained fluid still from your surgery. While you are having surgery you get IV fluids that can third space into your soft tissues and gradually resolves. But other causes such as heart or kidney failure, medication reaction, or blood clot are possible. So make sure your surgeon is aware.
1190916	I have a pimple looking thing on my anal. It doesn't hurt nor bleed. Can it be a cyst or bad? It looks apart of my anal	Get it looked at You should get it looked at to make sure it's nothing bad. You could have your gp or gynecologist look at it....Or if you wish, come in and see us for a complimentary consultation. Just call us at 949-888-9700 http://www.Orangecountyplasticsurgery.Com/index.Html.
6716392	Treated Chlamydia twice, have bad irritation and swelling. Along with itching and peeing while urinating. Not yeast, I tried to cure that. Help ):?	See a doctor See a doctor and let them check you.
6699098	Sml lump left breast, phys exam by GP. U/S next wk. No dimpling of skin, redness or nipple discharge. Likely benign? No history b cancer in family	Yes The small breast mass with no other symptoms, a negative family history, and your age of 34 makes the odds of malignancy very small. Hope this helps.
1190912	Felling something is in my throat of left side, swelling on neck under the jaw left side, tiny blood on gargle, (31+smoke+drink) how common cancer is?	Not common at all at At this age, very unlikely. Yet you need to have a medical exam since you very likely have an enlarged lymph node in your left side of the neck, . This needs to be checked out if it does not go away over a period of 3-4 weeks.
665736	I have late period, nausea, cramping, sore breasts, negative pregnancy test, why?	Anovulation If you didn't ovulate on time or didn't ovulate at all this month, the hormone your body produces can cause all those symptoms. It doesn't mean you can't get pregnant this cycle either so you should repeat the test if your cycle doesn't come. If it lasts for a while, you should talk to your doctor to find out the cause.
513633	My period was 4 days late and my breasts are tingly and sore. Hpt was negative . Could i still be pregnant.?	Very small chance By the time the period is late, home urine pregnancy tests are very reliable. But if a woman has been drinking alot of water or other fluids, the pregnancy hormone beta=hcg might be diluted enough in the urine to cause a false negative. Repeat the test first thing in the morning before drinking fluids.
6610403	Increasing body hair and heavy head hair loss along with dandruff and itchy and stinky scalp.  What steps should I take ro stop it all?	Hormone... Your gene and hormones are playing the hand. Diet, exercise, hyzeine, scalp care- will help. Try Yoga, non stimulant vegetarian diet, Sikakai soap twice a week to scalp, reduce stress.
1592906	Have IIH. Opthomologist says no pressure on eyes; but I have really bad eye/ear/head pressure and pain. I've a one sided sinus infect. What is this?	Sinus or IIH IIH may cause headaches, even if the eyes are not affected. So this could be the cause. Sinus headaches are also a possibility. These are handled differently, it would help to have more information to decide what the cause is before trying the treatment.
6738584	I've have brown spotting cramping and extremely sore breast after my period ended could this be a sign of pregnancy even though I just had my period?	No, not at that time A woman cannot get her normal regular period and be pregnant at the same time. However, she can get pregnant a week or two after her normal period. If she has some spotting or light bleeding that doesn't look like her normal regular period, she can check a urine pregnancy test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have happened) to see if she is pregnant.
181934	My knee keeps swelling it hurts, I dislocated it bout 4 years ago...What can I do? Its feels like its turing over when I walk! I've used ice an heat	Long road If you dislocated your kneecap, you may have residual instability. Have you done any therapy? You may need reconstruction of a ligament in your knee if you are continuing to have problems this far out from your injury. It sounds like you would benefit from an MRI and a physical exam by an orthopedic surgeon or sports medicine doc to see exactly what is going on inside of your knee.
708812	What can you do to stop bleeding from a ruptured ovarian cyst?	See below Bleeding usually stops spontaneously. If it doesn't, your doctor will provide hormonsl medications to stop the bleeding.
1209732	Woke up w/ache left side of rite knee a month ago.Aches/pain sometimes still when walking.18 yrs.Doc only did blood tests. Bone cancer?Not athletic.	See ortho It would be very unlikely that you have bone cancer because you had knee pain a month ago, especially at 18 yo. You need to see your dr. And tell them to examine your knee or see an orthopedic dr. Generally speaking, it is most likely something common like condromalacia or patellofemoral syndrome, which is common in young individuals that are active, but do not necessarily have to be in sports.
61706	I get chronic headaches, even tho im healthy, drink plenty of water, nd most of the time the headache turn in migranes, what can I do?	Botox and Surgery Long term relief of migraines can be achieved with botox. If you have a good response, you may be a candidate for surgery. Surgery has been shown to dramatically decrease the frequency and intensity of migraines. www.themigrainereliefcenter.com.
6738277	Haven't changed my diet at all, but today I used 3 enemas, although poured out the solution and filled with purified water, and had loose stools and cramps in lower abdomen later. Why the cramps?	You need help Why the enemas? That sort of bowel fixation is dangerous. Seek medical help.
6758156	30yrmale.Burning anus after stool&stays till evening.Leg thigh pain.no blood in stools.Doctors wont do colonoscopy saying cant be cancer at this age?	Get second opinion Although the risk of colorectal cancer increases with age and is rare in at age 30, it is possible. It sounds like the source of your pain and discomfort has not been identified. If your condition were properly diagnosed and treated, you would be less likely to want a colonscopy, which probably is not indicated.
286197	Feeling light headed dizzy tingling in extremities flushed  have normal a1c?	Hypoglycemia It seems you have diabetes, if you are knowledgeable about your hemoglobin a1c. The symptoms you describe could be due to low blood sugar (hypoglycemia), produced by a diabetes medication taken with too little food. Your a1c would be normal if you have frequent low blood sugar episodes.
1248104	Is a pregnancy 100% over if at 7 weeks (hcg 0ver 11, 000) only a gestational sac and egg yolk are detected? No hb or fetal pole.	Not 100% But how worrisome depends on how precise the 7 week date is. Also abdominal ultrasound ta 7 weeks is much less exact than trans-vaginal. Bets of luck.
1554704	Can chronic fatigue cause abnormal gait (weak legs), low grade fevers, itchy rashes on upper chest and back, and patches of goose bumps come and go?	Unlikely Symptoms of chronic fatigue are impairment of short term memory or concentration, sore throat, tender lymph nodes, muscle pain, multiple joints without swelling or redness, headaches, unrefreshing sleep, post exertional malaise lasting more than 24 hours. You must have 4 or more of these symptoms and severe c.f for at least 6 months. Your symptoms are different. Go to doctor.
6691398	I have been having tender nipples, two days ago i was cramping on the left ovary, upset stomach and horrible heart burns when i eat...also dizzy spells sometimes, had period march 29 im e regular...can i be pregnant?	Hard to tell... It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
707206	Which type of laser treatment for medium acne scars is the very best?	Depends on scar Lasers and photodynamic therapy (pdt) and ipl can be used to treat various aspect of the scar including variable pigmentation, atrophy, irregularities, increased redness (hyperemia) and active disease. I would meet with a dermatologist to discuss the best options for your specific concerns.
1450818	I cough up clear mucus everyday, for about 6 months now. I often am wheezing until after I use an albuterol inhaler.This is all worse in the mornings.	RAD It sounds as if you are describing asthma or reactive airway disease. You have a daily productive cough and often wheeze. The albuterol is a rescue medication for wheezing. Because you have frequent symptoms, you would benefit from a daily controller medication, such as an inhaled steroid. This may control or prevent your symptoms. Discuss your care with your MD. You should start to feel better.
214591	How normal is calf pain after arthroscopic knee surgery?	Meniscus Best to consult your orthopedic surgeon.
1102817	I have a ovarian cyst and now i'm bleeding and in pain bad i went to e.R. Two days ago so what should I do ?And its not my period	MD follow up You should follow up your E. R. Visit with an appointment with a gyn md since this is obviously painful at this time.
1346801	Occipital lymph node swollen & tender w/ SLIGHT neck pain on same side & headache (no fever). Was bit by a tick 2 weeks ago (if this matters??). How serious is this? Do I need to be seen & how soon?	Not very serious. If you have been in biotech, and are not sick, the likelihood that this is related to the occipital lymph node is highly unlikely. If you are having no fever, then the node and the headache are probably unrelated. A routine office visit would probably answer your concerns. A simple blood count is probably only lab needed.
355399	Wiill fibroids outside the uterus compress the side of the uterus?	Yes. Yes they can do this.
1578771	Swollen gums then a canker sore on top of it appeared after I irritated gums by eating chips. Any remedies? Lymph node swollen as well.	Dental sore This could be from the chips, either trauma from eating them or high salt content. If you problem worsens or does not improve over the next few weeks, I would recommend you see a dentist or oral surgeon for further evaluation
551378	Pregnancy symptoms  ..Implantation bleeding ..Tender breast ..Stomach upset..Headache at times ..Periods missed 2 days..Hcg test negative? Am i pregn	See your gyn Do a blood preg test.
6692846	I've been getting tongue fasciculations for about six months now. My tongue EMG was clean. Can it still be ALS?	Could be ALS has no test. It's a combination of upper and lower motor neuron signs. all you can do it wait and keep following up with your PCP. Life is short. Enjoy every day like it is your last.
1214663	I had knee surgery to replace remove some broken hardware (bone staple) a month ago and my upper leg is still quite swollen - thigh and glute.  ?	See your surgeon. Hardware removal can certainly be traumatic to the involved extremity, but to have significant swelling above the surgical site such as the hip and buttock may represent more than simple post-operative swelling. I would recommend follow-up evaluation with your surgeon to ensure there is no sign of infection or DVT (deep venous thrombosis). Better to be safe than sorry! see your surgeon.
486968	Do you apply clindamycin phosphate gel USP 1% after washing your face or do you apply benzoyl peroxide befor that one or do you mix them?	Either way Doesn't matter too much. You could either mix the two of them together in your hand and then apply them, or apply one and then the other. Whichever you prefer.
1550495	2 months ago I was diagnosed with chlamydia. My symptoms never went away and it burns extremely bad when I pee. My geno check for UTI BV yeast all neg?	Burning Question Vaginal symptoms and urethral symptoms are two very different conditions in a woman. Vaginal infections like bacterial vaginosis (BV), chlamydia and yeast will result in vaginal symptoms. Urethral symptoms most commonly are associated with injury, infection or obstruction. If an infection exists in the urethra/bladder, a urine test will identify the culprit and direct the best treatment.
1214669	Brief episodes of pulsatile tinnitus left ear only upon standing up? . Multiple normal 3t mri/a cta head neck for headaches. Normal BP and weigh.	Neuro-Otologist You may want to have this evaluated in more detail by a neurologist or neuro-otologist. The tinnitus may be related to a condition of the inner ear and a neuro-otologist may be able to examine this more closely. Dural arterio-venous fistulas may rarely present with pulsatile tinnitus. However, these are usually seen on mri/mra/cta.
1289569	Back mid pain dark urine legs weak?	Dehydration/? UTI Dehydration - possible uti/rule-out pyelonephritis vs calculus. Suggest you be evaluated by your md with a ua/consider for renal/retroperitineal ultrasound. You should be "re-hydrating" aggresively.
817804	Nausea, headache for past 2 days, last nite severe gas and today very watery diarrhea is this a stomach flu or ibs?	Depends Likely a viral gastroenteritis unless you have a history of ibs.
6733096	Sir my age 30  my wight 85 kg  my height 5 foot 6" my blood pressure 100/160 kyi muge medicine lens pdege?	Blood Pressure Mx Lifestyle changes such as losing weight, exercising regularly, decreasing sodium (salt) intake, avoiding alcohol and excessive stimulants such as caffeine, getting enough sleep, treating sleep apnea if present all help. However, blood pressure tends to rise gradually with age, so be prepared to take some medicines in needed to prevent stroke, heart attack, heart or kidney failure, etc.
398802	Should i go to the doctor today or wait a little longer? I have had a sore throat which is pretty red for 5 days and a cough for 4 days. I had my tonsils out when i was little. I have no other symptoms. I don't have insurance so it's hard going to the doc	Viral Viral upper respiratory tract infections usually last 7-10 days or should at least be improving by then. You may be a bit early yet. The chance of having strep throat after a tonsillectomy is quite low. It sounds like you are doing everything possible for symptom management. If you go 10 days without improvement, you should see a doc.
6715137	Blew my nose and mucus was bright orange. I'm dizzy off and on. No cough, minor pressure in head. Had chronic sinusitis 2 years ago. Throat feels off ?	Sinusitis? Recommend follow up appointment with ENT specialist.
566241	I'm having tightness to my skin and sore neck, face, head without a headache and my ears feel like there is pressure, but they don't hurt.	Ear Pressure Your symptoms may suggest a sinus or eustacian tube ( the duct that drwins your middle ear) filled with fluid, from an uri. Have you had a "cold" recently? You might try a course of decongestant and if the problem isn't resolved , consult your doctor.
520833	On perc for l excruciating neck, arm and l head neuralgia. Pain worsening. Neurontin no help. Can't move w/out help. ? Isn't pain responding ?	Don't give up hope There are a variety of other things to be considered based upon the postulated cause of your pain. Physical therapy? Might benefit from muscle relaxant, non steroidal, antiepileptic ( for potential nerve pain) or maybe even an injection or trial of nerve stimulation, etc. Hard to tell from across the country. If your primary doc can't help you maybe a do / chiropractor or pain clini.C.
1295158	I stopped using cocaine but i tried it again..I took 4 hits and after 10 min i start to feel my heart pounding, dizziness, nausea etc?	Coke Only answer ...Stop using and consult a psychological health professional.
6711627	Medial epicondylitis in left elbow, using right hand more which is causing my wrist tendonitis to flare up. How can I rest when need to use one arm?	Wear a... tennis elbow brace on your left, and give both arms a relative break. Damned if you do or don't should not be the best option!
1374542	What is ankylosing spondylitis? what is treatment?	Spinal arthritis Ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory arthritis of the spinal joints, sacroiliac joints and peripheral joints. It can lead to impaired painful motion, and even fusion of affected joints It is one of the spondyloarthritides which include varients of psoriatic arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease. Treatment is NSAIDS and even the biologic drugs including Enbrel. Exercise to maintain ROM.
1197738	Hi have tingling and ichy my left nipple I am 58 yrs old my mother had breast cancer at 63 im a bit worried?	Itchy nipple Because of your family history of breast cancer, you should see your doctor for any changes in your breast, and be seen for regular checkups.
397353	Is my dentist legitimate or not? Before i went to the dentist, my teeth had little pain but needed caps.  I went to a dentist that applied porcelain on metal caps to the teeth that i had root canals done three years prior.  The caps that were applied star	Wow Wow kansas city, this doesn't sound good. There are way too many unknowns to give you a good answer. I think a second and maybe a third opinion is the best option. Michael i. Wollock, dmd, agd fellow dentistry at suburban square 610-649-0313.
537847	Im on the pill, sexually active, not period related as period finished over a week ago. I have itchiness and brown discharge. What is this?	Difficult to tell Itchiness may be infection, brown discharge probably spotting from the pill, or it could be lot of other things. If persist see a health provider.
6622699	I woke up this morning with really dry throat it's been sore today and and if I breathe out all the way I start to cough and it hurts in my chest.	Acute Pharyngitis I think you need Antibiotics if it persists.
1185802	L5/s1 herniation, did surgery and now the disk are fine by xray, i'm having left side of back pain and leg numbness, is it sign of other disk problem?	Radiculopathy Sometimes back pain and radiculopathy may persist after surgery. May consult your neurosurgeon. An MRI will be a better imaging study to identify spinal stenosis.
1604442	My wife takes wellbutrin and Zoloft for depression. Will these meds cause tiredness and sleepiness? She is always tired.	Depression These meds may cause the symptoms you mention. More importantly, is she seeing a Psychiatrist and Psychologist regarding her depression? They are a must! If she is seeing one or both of them she needs to report her symptoms.
1360174	I missed my period and have tiredness, sore breasts so I took a 2 pack pregnancy test kit and both showed up with one dark and faint lines, am I preg?	Yes Two lines your pregnant.
1605249	What else can I do for a yeast infection? I've done Monistat cloitrimazole diflucan and probiotics and only 75% better	Depends Chronic yeast can indicate higher sugar levels, resistant yeast or too much acidity from diet, stress, medications Consider getting your sugar levels checks, a culture of the yeast to confirm how to treat it, manage stress, continuing or changing the probiotics to something stronger, eating a more alkaline diet and using pH drops to improve acid/base balance
6631998	I was sick with flu A, fever of 102.3 , stuffy nose chills headache fatigue runny nose throat problems vomiting, now body temp 95.4 severe stomach?	ER/UC You must be examined and treated. Please go to your local ER or urgent care clinic for exam and testing.
6689026	My feet have peeling more itching dryness sometime red patches and it was in my one finger of foot bt now its in both feet wats it n how to treat it ?	Possible fungus Try an OTC antifungal cream.
627297	Hi i was feeling tired yesterday with headache, then today i woke up with a slight sore throat and some body aches, really bad chills, no fever?	viral infection You are probabely coming with a viral infection. Drink lot of fluids and take tylenol or Motrin for painor fever.
984227	Which is the most effective antihistamine: diphenhydramine HCl or loratadine?	Diphendydramine Diphenhydramine would likely work better but make make you drowsy.
998746	Is itnormal for your lymph node to be slighly swollen after a bee sting?	Depends It usually depends on patient sensitivity to the sting. Recommend a medical visit to evaluate and prescribe medications if necessary.
1302704	What do you suggest if I have deep acne scar.Should i go with laser treatment for removing those scars?	It depends. It depends on the scar. If you have diffuse, irregular scars, and erbium or CO2 laser would help. If you have flexible scars that come to the surface when stretched, then filler materials like hyaluronic acid can help. Other lasers can help with red scars. Ice-pick, deep scars can be removed surgically.
1603834	On x-mas a knife went through my hand, uncontrollable blood lead to stitches and now my stitches out.Area still split redness swollen and sore, why?	Need to see it. A picture = 1000 words (whereas u only get 100 letters), so consider HealthTap Prime or scheduling an appt w/ ur doctor 4 confirmation of the following: scar tissue has only 70% of strength of original skin & less blood flow; I think u r seeing redness & splitting bcuz ur skin is not growing back whole like when u were 3. The soreness is from nerve irritation which is normal but won't go away soon
1258687	Peas size and 1/2 pea size lumps in testicles @ end of scrotum. Ultrasound 5 months ago showed nothing. Still there, should I worry abt the cysts? Ttc	U may have cysts (which are benign)underneath the skin of ur scrotum and not internally, in your testicles. The normal scrotal ultrasound is reassuring. Follow up with ur urologist for any concern. Take care!
295650	I had a mammogram two months ago since then I have had a sharp pain on the inside of my left breast(now it's more dull). They are slightly lumpy.?	Place call to doctor I would go over this on the phone with your doctor. He/she will probably review the mamogram first. .Then ask you some questions about your breast...Ie does it hurt when you touch it, move it a certain way, etc.
586146	Swollen lymph nodes on left side.  Sore throat on that side for about three months.  No fever.  Real excessive phlegm formation?	Go to see ENT Go to see an ENT for further evaluation. While it could be just an infection, however other thing like growth or mass/rumor can be presented with chronic sore throat- especially if you are a smoker and also drink alcohol, your risk for developing head and neck cancer is elevated.
1014792	I have been having heart palpitations, loss of feeling in arm, nerve pain on right shoulder and right leg as well as neck plus extreme fatigue.	See your doctor For a comprehensive treatment which includes medications, mind therapy, possibly physical therapy or injections based on an accurate diagnosis, conformed with imaging.
1041191	Holter shows 17, 000 pvcs. Ep says do nothing, meds, or ablation. Father of 2, now scared about future heart failure/surgery. Should i be worried?	VPCs Vpcs have many possible causes and meanings. Many times they do not need to be treated even if very frequent. The ep physicians are specialists in rhythm and should be well qualified to judge whether treatment is indicated. You should discuss with the ep and ask for explanation and if needed reassurance as the ep has the most information about you.
6718286	Can a 2.5 year old have sleep apnea WITHOUT snoring? Or do they go hand in hand? He has up to 30 sec pauses in breathing but no snoring.	Suggest Sleep apnea usually occurs in adults in middle age and would be unusual in a toddler, but the description of apnea concerns me, and might be associated with seizure activity or even lung or cardiac issues. Regardless of etiology, have a pediatrician exam your child, as this needs help.
1172711	Back, sholder, neck pain and headaches all the time. Now gettin this popping sound sometimes it's sounds like a thing of pop rocks when i turn my head?	Evaluate Neck If you are not improving have your doctor order a cervical spine mri. Many times a herniated disc in the neck can cause arm pain especially if you have not improved with the medications and physical therapy. If it is a herniated disc you may need evaluation from a spine specialist to determine what other options might be needed (injections, surgery, etc) to help reduce pain.
627311	Numbness down leg and foot (sciatic). Then calf muscle locked up. Main pain in outer calf. Now in inside calf. Can barely walk, goin on 1 1/2 mnth.	Nerve root irritatio Numbness is always a sign of nerve irritation. You need to be examined by a neurologist or rehabilitation medicine specialist for presence of nerve root irritation from the spine and get appropriate treatment.
940927	Tightness in chest burning seasation in shoulder into arm random sharp like a knife in  chest head & back ache negative echo and stress getting worse?	Chest pain There are many causes of chest pain, the heart is but one, intestinal gas and thoracic musculoskeletal pains are very common, anxiety and panic attacks likewise are frequent causes. You should always ask the doctors who see you what they think is the problem you came for and what to do about it.
824135	My husbands brother had malignant melanoma, is there an increased chance that he would get it ? Or our children ?	Here's the key These do tend some to run in families. Please be sure all his blood relatives keep a close watch on their skin and have any suspicious lesions removed early. Do this, and the chances of dying of melanoma are very low.
909604	Help! I am a sexually active 18 year old female and i recently got treated for chlamydia four month ago. Now having clear/watery bad smelling discharge, help?	Not normal Foul smelling discharge can be related to things like vaginal bacterosis or an std. Please get evaluated again.
666907	I missed two periods and have negative blood and hpt test. There is clear secreation from nipples and slight cramping, what's wrong?	Anovulation You've experienced a missed cycle. These are most commonly due to anovulation. This occurs when the ovary fails to release an egg. This alters hormonal levels which disrupts the cycle.
1387847	I experience pain after venipuncture was done under my wrist. It was the first time my friend tried it with me. Feeling pain underneath the puncture.	? Possible bruise or nerve involvement. See your doc if persistant.
49736	Does normal EKG & stress test rule out heart issue? Enlarged heart in xray, edema, no breath, sweats	No No, those tests are not good at picking up valve problems , or heart muscle weakness. An echocardiogram may be a useful addition.
997569	I have chlamydia and vagina is itchy, is this normal?	Yes Should clear up once chlamydia infection has cleared up.
664051	Could drops of bright red blood in urine mean kidney stone? Previous urine tests showed blood & crystals but no infection and culture was negative.	Yes Maybe stone but you need a urologic evaluation.
926050	Whenever i hold cold things my fingers get swollen red and itchy and my top lip swells. Also if it touches my body i get hives there, what is it?	Cold urticaria You have a condition known as cold urticaria or cold hives. The condition is caused by the release of histamine. Try to avoid the cold. Take anti histamines when exposed. If you know you will be exposed to cold you can use vaseline on your hands or face to try to reduce the effect.
1528138	Been ED today 4 chest pain and breathless.ecg ok .d dimer xray clear and blood tests clear.they dont no what's wrong?? any answer of what it could be?	Possibilities... At your age it can be common to suffer of rib cage pain which can mimic a heart issue. It is completely benign and responds to anti-inflammatory medication. On the other hand anxiety attacks can also present with chest pain symptoms.Respiratory issues like asthma may also resent this way. It all depends on what other symptoms you are having.Follow up with your doctor on this for diagnosis & tx.
489914	2yo with flu high fever puking chills sore throat cough runny nose he keeps spitting like his mouth taste bad! what to give besides tylenol ibuprofen?	Clear fluids Give small amounts of pedialyte of chicken broth sweetened with a small amount of sugar to prevent dehydration. If you start with 1/2 tsp every 10-15 minutes you can often give enough fluids to prevent or treat dehydration. Increase amount of 1/2 tsp every hour or so as tolerated. Your child sounds like one the pediatrician should see. May want to do a rapid strep screen & assess for dehydration.
790644	Rash with a bunch of little red bumps on neck about the size of a half dollar. Itches really bad. What could it be.  ?	Probably This is probably a contact dermatitis.
1275081	Burning chest pain left side since yesterday after eating chicken alfredo. I'm 18, healthy, no history of heart disease. Please help i'm scared!	Chest pains Pain in your chest is a serious medical condition. It is always a red flag and appointment with your pcp is warranted. Rec.: see your pcp for further investigation. Take care.
1437455	Is It possible that I can be pregnant.? June 7th was the last time I had sexual intercourse. I missed my period 2months now.  I have a little symptoms	It is very possible if you had unprotected sex. You should take a home pregnancy test. If positive, you need to be seen soon, as you are nearing the end of the first trimester if your dates are correct. Good luck!
400707	Inside of my foreskin is red and itchy. Sometimes there is some yellowish white substance is coming out o fit. I am using clotrimazole cream and still it is itchy.Sometimes the tip of the penis becomes red .Tip of the penis is very dry and pains while str	You You should have this examined by your primary care doctor and - if they think you need a specialist evaluation - possibly by a urologist. It may be that you have inflammation or infection in the foreskin, and that can lead to difficult pulling back the foreskin, a condition called phimosis. A red lesion on the foreskin or head of the penis could potentially be something more concerning like bowens' disease of the penis, so you should have it inspected.
6714664	After taking levaquin for 10 days I'm still sick with sore throat and nausea fatigue lost my voice tested negative for strep. Could this be mono?	Possibly Possibly. Mono is a virus, which won't be affected by antibiotics.
570686	I have a pain under my right breast, under my right arm and going under my shoulder blade. Very sharp when i move, and breath out. ?	Several possibles Two likely possibilities that come to mind for me are a muscle strain in the chest wall , and irritation of the pleural lining of your lung. Might also be compression of a nerve in the thoracic spine.
1572521	Diarrhea, really nauseated, chills, dizziness, a lot of peeing, fatigue, headache, no appetite. Any ideas?	Yes Excellent description of your symptoms. You left out one little detail. Have you thought to take your temperature? If you have a fever, you may just have a bad virus. If you don't have a thermometer, go get one. If you're feeling too lousy, call your mother & ask her to bring one over. Every household should have one.
1112494	Mild pain on side of neck, head, eye twitching, its on and off and feel it in my shoulder.My other muscles were randomly twitching to.I have hypothyroid.	History of Trauma?.To neck- need two conslts-1. Endocrinologist. 2.Neurologist- start with your pcp.
1594333	Took Monistat 1 for mild yeast infection. 4 days later thicker white discharge. No smell. Still the ovule leaving my body? Can i use a v/w duesch?	Itching discharge? If the thick white vaginal discharge is not itching or has an odor then if there was an infection it has been resolved. It is never recommended to douche as this can exacerbate any vaginal problems by removing good bacteria.
1048845	Pain in left chest under breast. If its heart related, would it hurt when i press on the area? I don't want to sit in the ER if it's muscle.	Pain The pain as described is unlikely to be cardiac.
120003	My boyfriend hit his elbow on my arm and now its sensitive and sore?	Give it time Bruising of the soft tissues can occur even after minor trauma as you have described. Give the sore arm some time and it should heal normally. Use of ice initially should also help.
484523	2 weeks ago i fell & landed flat on my rear, injuring my coccyx & right ankle. I now have terrible sciatica in my right leg/knee/foot. Home treatment?	Ice the area and buy a donut pillow to sit on, you may even consider getting into a hot tub to help. If its not improving in a few weeks, consider seeing a pain/spine specialist to get MRI of lumbar spine and pelvis. You may need either an epidural injection or ganglion impar block.
800725	Can yeast infection in vagina be cured with clotrimazol 2% cream-3 days treatment with applicators-in case it is beginning of infection?	Fungus anomg us Yeast infections also known as monilia, candida, and fungus, are treated with Clotrimazole creams vaginally. However, resistant organisms are not always "cured" and may require an additional agent.
767174	I've had dull aching pain in my left arm, armpit, and back for months. Also get periods of tingling in that arm as well as my right leg. Any ideas?	Demyelinating It is hard to tell without proper history and physical examination. At your age a consideration is demyelinating (autoimmune) disorders. However, other rare conditions like syringomyelia or vitamin deficiency may need to be considered. Check with your physician for adequate diagnosis and treatment.
6771824	My 16 yrs old daughter has been bothered by chronic yeast infection after taking a very strong antibiotic 3 yrs ago.I've tried cranberry juice, probiotic and OTC product. Her new pediatrician prescribed a 1 dose oral antifungal which did not work, now rec	Yeast Most human beings have yeast either on or in them. The question is whether they are infected with the yeast or is it just there. Finding it present does not mean that you are infected. We are not sterile organisms. We don't treat ourselves until we are sterile. Is your daughter clinically I'll or is she just being treated to make some laboratory results look better? Find an infectious disease mav
622155	Im wondering if this pea size bump in the bottom of my mouth is caused by rotten teeth?	Many possibilities You need a good dental exam. If you had a clean well maintained dentition the diagnosis might be simpler. But with the state of your mouth, the possibilities are endless. Make an appt. Asap and lets things under control.
58621	I have frequent abdominal discomfort, bloating, cramps, diarrhea, feeling of fullness and sometimes pain on the lower right side. Any ideas?	Lots Many potential problems appendicitis, diverticulitis meckel's tumors adhesions need full history, exa, and some studies to determine best choice.
1520103	DCIS, left breast, biopsy itself removed high grade cancer cells, lumpectomy path 100% cancer free. Radiation necessary? What about proton therapy?	It depends It may depend on your age. Radiotherapy to your involved breast may be required as it is the standard of care. Ask your doctor and let us know what advice you receive. Tamoxifen is another medication recommended after completion of Radiotherapy.
1008633	I have been doing research. From clinical trials, seems that lyrica causes weight gain much more often than neurontin. Yes?	Probably so. Weight gain listed as mild to moderate for both but Lyrica appears to be more. As with any medication must weigh the benefits and adverse effects and manage the adverse effects to the extent possible. A good life skills approach is important for everyone, especially if faced with issues like medical conditions and medications, and can assist weight mx and other health parameters. Best regards.
1463085	3 weeks ago my two last fingers of my left hand went numb, I was told it's pinged nerve in elbow. Then fingers became painful. Now, the whole hand. ?	Ulnar neuropathy Your symptoms appear, at first glance, to be an ulnar neuropathy. I share your concerns, however, if you are having symptoms in the rest of the hand as well. If you are having weakness in the hand, forearm or arm I would be concerned about a brachial plexopathy (injury to the network of nerves in the shoulder). I would discuss with your primary doctor, and consider a neurologist. Take Care!
1202386	Dear doc, sometimes my muscles cramps alot.What might be the reason?	Multiple Unfortunately, there is no simple answer to your concern. While electrolyte (potassium, magnesium) disturbances are often blamed for muscle cramps, frequently the reason remains unidentified even after rigorous work up. If there is no identifiable cause, i'd focus on symptomatic treatment - passive calf stretching exercises, keeping yourself well hydrated, avoiding excessive physical activity, etc.
690072	I think i had a miscarriage but i want to know the difference between a gestation sac after 3 week pregnancy or a uterus lining during a period.	See your dr If its only been a little bit of time since you had bleeding that was either a miscarriage or a period, the doctor can check a test to see if you are still making pregnancy hormones (which you may be if it was a miscarriage). If you don't want to be pregnant, you should talk with your dr about birth control choices. If you do want to be pregnant, plan ahead, start prenatal vitamins, and be health.
626521	I have a bump on the corona rim of the head of my penis just one, dosent look like ppp an i've never had sex or any ora, i masturbate alot?	Hard to say Might still be a wart (from dirty hands), or a birthmark, or just you. There is a way to submit pic (&fee) to ask urologist on line for input), or can ask your dr next time seen.
626520	Zyrtec, claritin, singular, and allegra don't work on my 7 yr olds allergies at night (nasal drip & cough) only benedryl. Can he take it every night?	Dose? Zyrtec & Benadryl are very similar. He should get similar relief if he's taking the right dose for his weight. Benadryl will make him more drowsy. You should talk to his doctor about an rx nose spray to control allergies like Flonase or nasonex.
1601960	Pain in right side above my breast but lower then my collar bone.  Very sore at times  does not hurt then touch ?	Many things This pain could be caused by many things. If it hurts worse when you breathe in deep, it could be pleurisy, or an inflammation of the lining of the lungs, or it could be "referred" pain from a problem in your abdomen like gall bladder disease, or it could even be a problem with your heart (even though it is right sided). Best to get it checked out by a doctor.
932285	Do kidney stones prevent you from getting a menses?	No No relationship at all.
1597127	Alternating bowel movements of green stools with some black dots of constipation ad diarrhea, bloated, small poop comes outs18 years old colon cancer?	Diet The appearance of feces varies according to diet, your level of hydration, your gut's microbial flora, medications, and your bodies own makeup. Colin cancer is rare in an 18 year old. It may cause blood to appear in the stool but often just small amounts that is not visible, and requires a chemical test. Cancer does not typically cause diarrhea except for a rare form called villous adenoma.
679414	Pressure pain in left side of chest moderate cause? No shortness of breath nor dizziness
history of tachycardia 106 and up 
hypertension	Anything Could be a problem with skin, nerves, muscle, shoulder, lung, heart, or stomach. See your doctor for a more thorough history, physical exam and further evaluation.
534717	I have a callus on the back side of my thumb. Please advisebme on how to get rid of it.

Thanks?	Depends on the cause Many things can cause calluses. Some reasons that one may develop a callus include: viral infections (warts), friction, pressure, repedetive trauma, and a limitation of joint motion. Some genetic conditions may also cause people to develop calluses on the hands and the feet. Treatment depends on the cause of the problem. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1076286	Stomach cramping/pain, diarrhea, nausea since yesterday morning. Today i also started getting body aches. I have flu shot. Is there anything i can do?	Stomach virus It sounds like you've picked up a stomach virus a. K.A. Viral gastroenteritis and it's completely unrelated to the flu shot. You can take an otc diarrhea medicine like loperamide or pepto bismol to help and make sure to drink plenty of fluids, gatorade, and eat very lightly - bananas, rice, applesauce, and toast - nothing heavy or spicy to let your stomach rest.
528529	I have had headaches associated with muscle spasms/weakness in legs & arms. What could it be?	? infection ? Your symptoms could be associated with influenza, but could be initial development of neuromuscular disease. Hypothyroidism could cause this, but many medication adverse reactions could present in this fashion. Get your doctor involved.
1183015	Developing a rapid-spreading red and itchy rash on my face. Longstanding family/personal history of eczema. What is the best non-steroidal approach?	Avoidance The best approach is to find out what the cause is then avoid or treat it. This is not typical for eczema. See a dermatologist
6657231	Hi I have acid reflux and gastritis but recently when I eat, I get headaches, dizzy and mild nausea with right ear pain. What could this be!?	Site of reflux it depends where the side of the reflux irritates. If it irritates the throat near the sea eustachian tube. Then you could get pain and some of these other areas. It is not uncommon for throat pain to also causing ear pain. If the reflux irritate you station to you could have middle ear involvement that could cause your dizziness.
285508	Elbowed in jaw, big knot/swollen, bruised, pain was so bad I was puking, hurts to talk or move at all...?	Jaw Possibility of fracture. See an oral surgeon soon.
6614370	Ive been having a ton of vaginal discharge, enough to wet my underwear and make me wear a panyliner. Its yellow, no smell, no itching or burning. Help?	Can't help but your gynecologist can. see your gyn for an exam. probably is bacterial vaginosis
147243	What are symptoms of having MRSA or staph in your bloodstream?	Many Symptoms may include fever, chills, if the infection is severe, hypotension may occur, bleeding due diseminated coagulation problems ( dic); however, there are cases of transient bacteremia ( bacteria in the bloodstream that do not stay in there for long) that do not cause any major symptoms.
1207092	Is it normal for a man not to have sexual pleasure after a bad break up ?	Work on it slowly! A bad break up can result in a temporary loss of trust in the safety and the genuineness of intimate relationships. Its very difficult to enjoy sex when lacking such sense. As you build a new relationship, and you gain a sense of safety and trust in this relationship, intimacy and sex will be pleasurable again. Work on it slowly, and listen to your heart.
27430	How does vaginal child birth lead to stress incontinence in women?	Yes it can It is very common for women to experience stress incontinence following delivery. It typically resolves within 3 months. I would encourage you to do kegel exercises daily. I usually suggest 3 sets of 10 squeezes, trying to hold each squeeze for 5 seconds. If it persists beyond this time frame i would encourage you to seek evaluation from your delivering provider.
759716	Bit the inside of my cheek a couple times and now have a small bump that is dark red/black; is this just dried blood? Feels like a pimple	Probably so It is probably dried blood or a blocked minor salivary gland with blood inside it. If it does not resolve completely in 2-3 weeks-see you local ENT or dentist to take a look.
1309169	Having pressure headaches and dizziness. Occasional clogged nostril either one side or the other. Im a hypochondriac so scared of brain tumor.	Could be many things That could actually be a migraine prodrome. Alternatively, viral infections (flu, stomach cold, etc) can lead to aseptic meningitis - not life threatening, but painful headache +/- dizziness. Lastly, tension-type headaches often present that way. See your neurologist to make sure it isn't anything serious, and then get it taken care of. Good luck!
1425824	Stung by a wasp 3 days ago on my eye brow, swelling on both eyes and forehead. Taking Benadryl should I see a doctor for steroid shot? Or wait it out?	Ok IF not worsening, I would contine what you are doing.
278305	Can non-food allergies cause sore throat, that seems to resonance in the ear, jaw, chest, and mouth?	Non-food allergy Pollen, grass, cat/dog and dust allergies may cause sore throat in addition to a stuffy, +/- runny nose, depending on how they affect an allergy sufferer. When your nose is stuffy, it can "affect" your vocal quality or how you hear internal and external sounds. Kind of like when you have a cold.
1025099	Ekgs good..Shows normal heartbeat, just fast(taking atenolol)..Echo shows normal function..Stress test normal..Chest xray ok and blood work..Heart ok?	Normal Your tests are normal this makes it probable your cardiac state is normal.
1260086	I just had a mole removal by excision it was a deep mole now my dermatologist told me to keep the plaster on and not to touch the wound is this normal?	YES It is common to have a surgical excesion that is deep to the subcutaneous or dremal tissues. . I agree that you should keep the dressing intact and follow up on the pathology report.
1141759	Hi. I had chest pain 2 days ago, my neck feels swollen at the back. Iv a sore throat and eyes and headache at the back of my head. What could this be?	Infection You describe a acute pharyngitis - swollen lymph gland (nodes) in your neck, with an element of systemic toxicity (headache and eyes) - i would want to rule out strep infection although a viral illness could mimic this. You need a throat swab today! strep must be treated with penicillin to avoid serious complications like abscess and rheumatic fever.
992537	Sudden severe stomach pain, burning, diarrhea, nausea, and bloating  lasting two days. What is it?	Suddden severe pain You may have developed food poisioning. Check with your doctor for a possible stool culture and treatment.
1162449	If breath test showed positive bacteria overgrowth. Does that mean u have infection or just bacteria out of wack? Have soft loose stools. Lack appetit	Bacterialovergrowth Bacterial overgrowth does not mean you have intestinal infection. As you mentioned the bacteria are out of whack and cause bloating and poor absorption of nutrients.
930289	Lately I have normal blood pressure but heart rate is always between 92-110. Im not thay active and  having chest pain on left side. Short breathing?	Tachy A bit high. Exercise may help but need a physical, ecg, labs, maybe holter, + / _ chest x-ray and echocardiogram. Profile indicates cyclobenzaprine, a centrally acting antispasmodic muscle relaxant with anticholinergic activity. This may explain tachycardia. Diazepam as listed on profile may be linked if withdrawal and or tolerance.
6639962	Hi there, i have 2 concerns. My doctor just perscribed Xanax for anxiety however i have hallucinated from ativan before. Should i worry?	Xanax Hallucinations Xanax and Ativan are in the same chemical family (benzodiazepines). I would check with the doctor who prescribed the Xanax before taking any, or any more. Your hallucination event from Ativan should be in your medical record. If it is not, be sure it gets entered therein. If the doctor is already aware of this past event, then I would just follow his / her instructions.
502312	Can drinking lots of fluids prevent kidney disease after strep throat infection, but treated early with antibiotic, though..Thanks doctor..!?	Fluids There are many factors which can contribute to kidney problems. Lack of fluids (dehydration) is just one of them. Good hydration promotes metabolism and help your body to perform multiple functions. Use common sense when drinking fluids.
691306	Can i take allegra or singulair if I am allergic to benadryl?	Yes They are in different classes.
691300	My husband is allergic to benadryl. Can he take allegra or singulair?	Should be OK These drugs are in different classes.
229794	If sperm gets around the outside of the vagina, how likely is it to get pregnant?	Not likely For conception to occur, several finely tuned processes must occur all in perfect order. First of which is cervical bathing/coating by sperm. The reason this is needed is because of all the volume deposited at the cervix, some will leak out, some will never enter the cervix, some will die in the uterine cavity. Sperm deposited on the exterior of the vagina can't "migrate" into the vaginal canal.
1486925	Cardiac MRI, stress echo, 3d echo and blood test CRP all done at the mayo clinic AZ would these 3 rule out a blocked artery/CAD? If normal?	Yes Absolutely! If those tests are negative in a 26 year non-smoker (you), you can rest assured that you don't have CAD (blocked artery).
174274	I fell on my elbow; X-ray n not broken, MRI shows ligament damage, cortisone shot n no pain. 4 months later extreme pain - do I need surgery?	Maybe Since your symptoms returned and are severe, you should have the elbow re-evaluated. You can go to your Doctor and ask for a referral, or go to an experienced Orthopedic or Hand surgeon. They will examine your elbow and decide if further studies are needed. A repeat MRI may be needed. Then you and your Doctor can plan additional therapy.
620370	I have had increased vaginal discharge that is white clear and has a strange odor no itchiness or redness what can I do to get rid of this?	Normal discharge White to clear discharge is normal. As you progress through your cycle your vaginal discharge changes. At times it will be thinner or thicker depending on the time in your cycle. No medication needed as there is no infection.
6710378	I have arthritis in my knee. Along with the knee pain i have shooting pain down my leg towards the ankle. Can arthritis cause pain down the leg?	Not commonly You maybe having symptoms from your lumbar spine. At age 30, you are on average too young to develop significant arthritis in your knee. There is a chance your knee pain and leg pain is coming from your back. Go see an orthopaedic surgeon or spinal specialist.
6764594	Hey Doc

Symtoms:

Pain in chest (moderate)
Excessive twitching 
Night sweats
Swelling in neck
Dry throat

Could it be cancer or heart disease?	More information To help you, more information needs to be provided about 1. The medical issue at hand, 2. Treatment planned or received 3. Results of any treatment, including use of OTCs (Over The Counter options), 4. For specific personalized recommendations, sign up for HealthTap Prime or Concierge. The free answers are generally for more information and educational in nature for the general public .
1384938	Abdominal pain, nausea, chest pain, leg cramping and mucus in stool that looks orange. Known IBS but never this bad before. What could it be?	Needs evaluation Do you have fevers or chills?? I would see doc for more tests to see if there was something autoimmune going on now
523361	What can it be if you have itchiness in your vagina and labia minora and also red spots in those areas?	Likely candida A yeast infection causes external itching and redness, try Hydrocortisone cream then gold bond powder or mix Hydrocortisone with lotrimin. Need to do it daily for 3weeks, if not getting better, or getting worse, with sores, say, then go in. Gd luck.
729692	Backpain middle chest pain, sudden mild dizziness and headache.. Had echo ECG xray and blood work..Its normal.. What could be causing this im 25 f	Dizziness headache How long? If more than a few weeks, see md or cardiologist. Holter monitor for electrical disturbances not seen on ECG is not a bad idea. BP diary as well. And other exams like simple cxr is appropriate. Lots of things can still occur with "normal blood, ekg, and echo".
6752317	I have a sore throat, chest pain, headache, dry cough, and pain behind my ear. What could this be?	Cold? Flu? These symptoms are typical for a common cold with bronchitis, or perhaps influenza (except it's the wrong time of year for the flu). If you have fever or otherwise concerned, or if the symptoms don't clear up in a few days, or if you just remain concerned, see a doctor. Good luck!
1596568	Are there any deficiencies that cause muscle pain and tingling? Upper back and arms are aching and feet legs are tingly. brain MRI normal a month ago	Unlikely deficiency Would less likely be a deficiency. With the background of POTS and Ehlers Danlos would suggest you discuss the possibility of Fibromyalgia with you physicians. We see a lot of people with Ehlers Danlos - also known as benign hypermobility who have fibromyalgia. Your physician will help with therapy which includes exercise, correct of sleep and stress issues.
960300	What are some ways to prevent recurring vaginal yeast infections for someone who gets them quite easily (besides probiotic)?	Recurrent yeast First, make sure you have had a normal fasting sugar level. You should always remain dry, getting out of the pool, etc. Change int dry clothes. See your physician and do not keep using over the counter meds and make sure you have the right diagnosis. Take all irritants away and lastly I use boric acid capsules made at the pharmacy twice daily for 10 days to change the vaginal ph to help.
402729	I have a lump infount of my ear  its getting bigger , is this cancer? Im asking now because im having pain , it goes through my neck to my right side of my head	Statistically Statistically this is more likely to be benign but much more information is needed to place you in a lower or higher risk category. Important historical information is knowing your age, how long it has been there, how big is the "lump", is it tender to touch?, is it fixed to the skin or can you freely move the skin over it?, is the skin over the lump red or warm?, is there a visible pore or opening over the lump?, any associated facial numbness or weakness?, what makes it better or worse?, has it been treated in any way and if so how and what was the response to treatment?. Questions like this help in stratifying your mass as likely inflammatory/infectious, neoplastic, traumatic, etc. I wish i could be more specific but i believe that any persistent mass/swelling should be looked at for a proper diagnosis and treatment and also to help alleviate your worries over it.
6725681	I'm currently on celexa 40 mg and Wellbutrin XL  150 mg.  is it okay to take valerian as a supplement for anxiety?	Natural product I assume you are doing well on Wellbutrin and Celexa, in appropriate therapeutic doses. Valerian is a natural product used for anxiety but most of all as a sleep aid. I don't believe there is any incompatibility if you do well with it.
6765359	I had a Normal period but I've been feeling dizzy cramps backaches bloated headache, don't kno what's wrong had unprotected sex a week b4 my period ?	Need further care Dear Cynthia, You have numerous problems and these are best taken care of by seeing a provider so you can be examined and studies done. The likelihood of you being pregnant is low under the circumstances but again can only tell with appropriate evaluation and further questions that are needed to be answered. Please see your provider to clarify your situation. I hope this helps.
1515317	I have been told I am anemic (hgb 10)and am on iron. I have a burning pain under my breast bone above my belly button. Could the iron be causing this?	Very unlikely You need to see your provider to evaluate this (new?) pain symptom. It will be very unlikely to be related in any way to either the anemia or the iron supplement. But do find out and ask about the possible effects of any treatment. It will improve your response and relieve your worries. Best wishes.
959968	Can interstitial lung disease like pulmonary fibrosis and those like pulmonary fib. Be ruled out pretty good with pulse ox, CT of lungs, and chest xra?	Several causes Pulmonary fibrosis is a pathologic process of lungs that can occur in many disorders of the lungs. Pulse ox, chest xray & ct can be helpful in determining patterns of disease & extent of lung involvement & can sometimes help determine the cause as well. However definitive diagnosis may require other tests including lung biopsy (in some cases). Talk to a pulmonologist for detailed work up.
759627	I am six weeks pregnant with sore breasts and nausea pregnancy symptoms dissappeared after having a stomach flu is it normal or am i having a miscarri?	Could be either Some women will lose their pregnancy symptoms as early as 6 weeks, so this may be normal. If you arent bleeding, then this would be good. If you start bleeding contact your ob. Otherwise , you may have to wait until the baby is big enough to hear a heartbeat.
6757898	I've had a cough for a while and doctor prescribed an inhaler. Can I drink alcohol while using an albuterol sulfate inhaler?	Yes there is no interaction between albuterol and alcohol. Everything in moderation.
330417	My vagina at the top of my lips are red and peel and it itches and burns what is wrong?	Exam needed Possible causes could include, among other things, yeast, herpes, contact dermatitis, eczema.
519198	Symptoms:neck/shoulder pain, stiffness, numbness in right arm/hand, headaches. Could this be a bone spur of the cervical vertebrae in a 58 year old ?	Possibly Symptoms and concerns like these mandate a thorough evaluation by your doctor. Only after such an evaluation, which may include labs and radiographic examinations, can he/she let you know what's going on and how best to help you.
1215946	3 days post op: laproscopic appendectomy and lysis of adhesions. Passing gas, but abdomen distended, intermittent sharp pains, dizziness. Now what?	Get hold of your -- Surgeon to see what needs to be done next. Go with his advise.
378351	I am six days late for my period. I took five pregnancy test and had a blood test and all came back negative, but I have swore breast nausea and white discharge.	If If you have had 5 negative pregnancy tests, including 1 negative blood test then the hormones that detect pregnancy are not present. The pregnancy hormone is detectable in the blood 11 days after conception. They are released by cells in the placenta which forms to nourish a fetus. Since these hormones are not detectable, then you are probably not pregnant. White vaginal discharge is not typically a sign of pregnancy. Hormonal changes and premenstrual symptoms can cause soreness of the breast, bloating, heachaches and mood changes.
6726887	My scalp is very itchy and I have severe hair loss I recently heard of tgel if I use it will it cause more hair loss?	Fungal infection of the scalp is probably the cause. Use t/gel dandruff shampoo. If it does not help see a dermatologist.
341320	Calluses on toes hurt. Can there be blister underneath?	Doubtful Usually the blister would form on top of the callous.
1312534	My son's mosquito bites repeatedly end in bad infections (staph and MRSA). What could be causing this?	Dirty fingernails Young boys invariably have dirt under their fingernails. When your son gets a bite, it itches. When he scratches it, the bacteria in the dirt under his nails get into the skin and cause the infection. The cure is to keep his nails cut short and keep him from scratching. You can use Hibicleanse wash to scrub his nails a couple of times a week too.
1237523	When i work out i get so tired and i just started lifting i drink water but i still get tired?	Tired Perhaps that is because there is an issue more complex than drinking water. Ask your doctor to check you out. Fatigue is a symptom of your body needing help.
6615131	AF a wk late, Negative HPT, nausea, Dizzy spells, frequent urination, tons of slippery white discharge no itch, underarm pain, what is wrong?	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
6781107	I have a red bump with a bit of yellow in center. It's like scales . under the rim of my penis head. I have forskin so when I pull the skin back there is a little rash of where the bump lays when skin is not pulled back. It doesn't hurt but it is itchy so	Pimples in glands Direct clinical examination is required. A red bump is an infection, ANT may be required. A plain pimple, is usually present in 10-20 % of the male population, sometimes 2-4 may be present. They require no treatment. Some patients however, may request therapy to alleviate anxiety or for aesthetic reasons. Ablation using carbon dioxide laser,
1051666	I have headache like pressure in the sides of my head ache my doctor think its from depressed but i don't think it is sometimes i feel a little dizzy?	See a specialist I recommend you see a headache specialist. This would have to be a neurologist who specializes in headaches management. There are well over 2, 000 causes of headaches. Even if you are depressed, this does not sound like a tension headaches that one would expect in someone who is depressed. People with depression or anxiety usually complain of a headache like a band of tension across the forehead.
751363	Lower and upper back pain for 20 years and muscle spasms in my legs arm neck back for 10 years numbing and tingling in my legs hands feet for 10 years?	Obviously something is wrong. What have you done so far? What recommendatiosn did prior docs have? or is this the first tiem your seeking treatment for this?
6758379	I have an ear infection & ruptured eardrum.  The doc said it was small.  How long will it take for pain to go away? I'm on the 6th day of antibiotics	Ear infection After two or three days of being on antibiotics you should see an improvement so if still with pain time to call your doctor .
1470600	My knee is swollen with two protruding lumps where the incisions were infected. Now my calf is tight & sore. Why is this happening?	Evaluation Hi, this situation calls for an evaluation, also possible blood tests and X-rays. Please go to ER for evaluation. Best of luck.
1402284	On june 6 husband had open inguinal hernia repair.woke up today with swollen itchy face,benadryl didn't help.what do you think it is?	Not related The rash is not likely to be related to the surgery. It can be drug or food allergy, drug either direct allergy or through photo sensitivity and sun burn. The critical question is if this mostly facial swelling and not rash. That will change significantly the differential diagnosis towards kidney versus vascular issues, among others.
283041	Have a mole that appeared on my fore head after I went to an air shiw and got burnt my face peeled but it has not gone away its dark brown and raised im also so weak and fatigued and bruise super eaisily what can be going on I had skin cancer 5years ago a	Time to see your doc Time to see your friendly dermatologist.
1085152	What happens if so, would it cause itching, burning and swelling of the vagina and labia ?	Discharge and itch Vaginal discharge requires an examination to determine the cause and treatment. Bacterial vaginosis is the most common cause and often has a vaginal odor. Vaginal itching can be a sign of a yeast infection. Sometimes vaginal discharge can be a sign of a sexual transmitted infection. Testing is important to determine the treatment and keep you and your partner safe.
1514961	Excess gas/bloating 10 days now esp after eating (anything at all). Now diarrhea after some meals along with the excess gas. Should I be worried?	See your doctor 10 days of unsteady bowel movements is not normal and should be addressed by your doctor. Should there be severe pain, inability to keep fluids down I would get checked at an urgent care or emergency room. Otherwise see your doctor as soon as you can.
541640	I still have knee pain six months after arthroscopic surgery. Is this normal?	No Pain should go away within a few weeks. Be sure to follow-up with your surgeon or get a second opinion.
378132	Confusion...Possibly pregnant? I've been on birth control, missed a pill but took it the next day. Had spotting for 4 days due to missing the pill then i stopped taking it to have my period. Had unprotected sex the night i missed my pill. Had my period f	Even Even with perfect use you have some risk of pregancy using oral contraceptives or pills. You describe sex as unprotected yet you were taking the pill just not on the day you had sex. With lower dose pills missing one can trigger the breakthrough bleeding you describe.
869716	I am f, 20. I had last period on july 3, 2013 and had unprotected intrcourse on 14 july. Is there chance of pregnancy if ejaculation was outside vagina?	Yes, it is possible But less likely than ejaculation inside the vagina. Also, if period length is 28 days, and the first day of the last period was july 3, then ovulation should be approximately july 17.
1549500	Bump on forehead then gone  then appeared on his nose/inner eye then gone and now above his left eyebrow. Its soft and feels bruised. Any ideas?	See Doctor There are some skin problems that may change this way. Probably need to see your Family Doctor or Dermatologist
1039744	I had sex when ovulating last month, but i had a period but now spotting a week before my next period, negative blood test but all signs of pregnancy?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1118920	39 yo fem. High BP climbing 145/116 highest. Heart rate last night woke me was 125. Waking with left side of head, arm numb. Tight chest. Ideas? Go	Numbness See your doctor asap or go to the er to be evaluated for a possible heart attack.
151113	Is it ok to ask about accidental falls, deaths, infection rates, mrsa, staffing, sodium in diet, transfers, etc if looking at skilled nursing homes?	Absolutely! Go to this medicare url for checklist of questions to ask prospective nursing homes http://www. Medicare.Gov/nursing/checklist.Asp.
1544152	Ive been off the Depo-Provera shot for over a year. I had a period last month for three days this month I havrnt had one. Plus I having mmild cramping.  What?	Irregular menses Irregular menses are common in young women, especially those on DepoProvera. No menses is common side effect of DepoProvera, too. Underweight women also have irregular menses as do those under tremendous stress, whether emotional or physical. Best to chat w/your family doctor. Presumably, you've engaged only in protected sexual activity but we'll still need to make sure you're not pregnant.
1509299	20 year female. I haven't had a period for more than year. I discovered raised bumps around my nipples. Not pregnant. Breasts sore. Should I worry?	Concern At age 20 not having a period for a year is no normal and should be evaluated regardless of the raised bumps or sore breasts. See your doctor soon. Good luck
611908	Igg <0.9 & IgM 1.5+. Serological test is acute infection hsv. In absence of clinical symptoms it indicates unspecific reaction to igm. What's it mean?	HSV It could simply mean recent exposure with no symptoms which is why the igm is elevated.
358019	After my gallbladder removal my bile duct has stricture.An ercp has performed but it remains. What should I do?	Stent? Usually to treat a stricture they may place a stent to keep it open. An ERCP alone is just diagnostic.
6644492	Hi.. my periods seven day late. . Urine test and blood test says negative. . Could I be pregnant still?	No Most likely not
1407547	I have small red pimple like bumps on outer part of vagina . And I also have a painful pimple like bump on crease of thigh and butt. What is it?	Get it checked! This could be an infection of the hair follicles. However, what you are describing might be something serious such as a herpes virus infection and should be check out as soon as possible.
1209053	Can hCG of 250, 000 mi/u(whch is the highest during preg) b detected by quantitative beta hCG blood test, without dilutin it?Or do they hav to dilute?	Yes Quantitative HCG can detect the high numbers.
1331753	As the uterus expands during pregnancy with baby inside, what happens to the Fallopian tubes? Do they get crushed by the growing uterus or baby?	No they are fine, they don't get damaged by pregnancy at all.
6777085	I have been experiencing moderate to severe migraines daily for 2 weeks, with nausea, upset stomach and fatigue and dizziness.  What is this?	Migraine many with migraine get nausea and vomit. Maybe you are developing this or it may be a reaction to your migraine medications. Talk to your health care team.
757542	I know that metaclopramide n tramadol can cause serotonin syndrome but how risky taking recommended dose at same time? 150mg/12hrs tram 10mg metaclop	Susceptibility Everyone's metabolism is a little different. I have often prescribed more than one serotonergic med at the same time, but it is always something to be aware of. If not same prescribing doc make sure all your docs know all meds you are on.
1524680	Im having Small cramps that come and go on my right  Ovary. Can this be a cyst I'm only 27 years old and I'm trying to get pregnant with a third child?	Yes It takes an ultrasound to figure out how big the cyst is during the highest point in estrogen levels, and whether intervention is necessary to relieve that pain with surgical drainage. Discuss your history with your OB for next steps...
1372415	Sore pec/side lasted 4 days after boat work. A wk later slightly sore low-mid back & groin w/ some burning in arms, legs, belly &chest. Nerve pinch?	No These symptoms are too widespread to be a nerve pinch. Gentle stretching, antiimflammatories like Motrin or Aleve, heat, and keeping active but not overdoing it should help.
1372417	Could I still have a miscarriage or an ectopic pregnancy if the Sono showed a sac in the uterus?	Yes But these are 2 different questions. If there is a true gestational sac in the uterus, there can still be a chance of miscarriage. This risk drops dramatically to less than 5% when an embryo with a heartbeat is seen. It is also possible to have an ectopic pregnancy with a gestational sac in the uterus but this is rare, about 1 in 30,000 naturally conceived pregnancies.
6719165	I have allergies..itchy eyes, sneezing etc..and i am on synthroid for thyroid..which med can i use that won't affect it..Claritin, Reactin?Thanks!	Claritin ok Check this link http://www. drugs.com/interactions-check.php?drug_list=1486-898,1463-869
1094013	I have bv, i took flagyl. It seems i developed a worst case of yeast infection and it spread to my anus? My stool is dark and smells like chemicals?	Antibiotic effects.. The yeast infection is related to the antibiotic (flagyl) that has disrupted the normal balance of the bacteria found in that area of the body. That has been disrupted. Talk to your doctor to discuss therapies to treat this infection, based on the specifics of your case.
1579695	I recently did an abortion but afterwards. I had felt like a burning sensation and itching could I have an yeast infection?	Yeast infection You might develop a yeast infection if you were given an antibiotic around the time of the abortion. Of course some women get them for no apparent reason, as well. Typical symptoms of a yeast infection could include itching, burning, and a thick white discharge with no odor. If you have never had a yeast infection before, you should have your Gyn check to make sure that's the problem.
1226278	Does pcos give off pregnancy like symptoms? Like sore breast and enlarged, constant need to wee and feeling nausea and sensitive to smells.	PCOS Not usual symptoms of metformin. Good idea to due home pregnancy test and then call your doctor.
6714416	Hi there can u tell me if a male urine stream should.always be strong is a weak one normal?	Always? How always? As we age, men run risk of developing an enlarged prostate that may decrease urine flow and make it weaker than in one's youth. While it's part of aging, it's not normal if it bothers you. Your Family Doc or Urologist can discuss drug options to improve flow, perhaps surgery if necessary. In meantime, avoid antihistamines & decongestants which can aggravate issue.
1195680	I started an all veggie juice fast and have had tingling/numbness/itching in my hands and feet. What does this mean?	Possible vitamin Deficiency caused by limited diet. .you should go back to a natural and complete diet and see if symptoms improve.
923748	I have this reoccuring rash around my lips that hurts and itches! please help?	Allergy consult It can be from something which you use regularly on your lips a contact allergy does not appear until about 24 to 72 hrs after the contact so that you may not be suspicious of its existence.
1217411	Degenerative arthritis back,  leg muscles ache, lower back pain. Elbows hurt to touch, knee bone on bone, re diabetic,  what medwill help.  On soma?	Degeneration Sounds like a lot of things are going on. Best to start with an appointment with a fellowship trained pain physician. You will have a treatment plan tailored to meet your needs with medications and manual therapies, as well as possible injections for the lower back and knees, if indicated. Good luck.
684504	Took 1g of zithromax for chlamydia on 4/3, was also diagnosed with UTI on 4/1. Still feel frequency and painful urination. Which one is causing this?	UTI versus Chlamydia The uti. Azithromycin is not a common drug used to cure urinary tract infections. You most likely need a different antibiotic for the uti.
1198433	Sudden creaking, grating and popping sounds in joints (wrist, knee and ankles) but painless; also had a hip injury(groin pain). Could it be arthritis?	Unlikely Unlikely.
1521814	Headache that started 10 mins after albuterol inhaler. 24 hours passed now and still no relief. Tried aleve,aspirin & tylenol. Caused by albuterol?	BP Check BP and heart rate. .....that might be up to cause it. But at this time of year coincidental sinus disease can do it.
636576	Finished period, next day really bad stomack pains, been going on for days now, i've got an ovarian cyst, feel like vomiting, very tired?	Gyn related Menarchal, need to rule out pregnancy.
6786109	2ary liver cancer 6+7cm(esophagus 1ary but very small after chemo)Lymph nodes on chest. Best treatment available? Anywhere in the world?!Best option	Need more details Having your complete medical history will be helpful, especially which chemo drugs have you received so far? Who is your current oncologist and at which Cancer Center? If you have the funds, go to the US where there is a lot more expertise available at centers like MD Anderson(Houston, Texas) or at Memorial Sloan Kettering center(New York) or Yale Cancer Center, seek new Immunotherapy treatments
124785	My hubby always congested, uses nasal spray nightly despite the directions! snores very loudly due to sleep apnea, cpap didn't work for him. Advice?	ENT and dentist I would see an ENT dr. To determine the extent of his issues- could be allergies, deviated septum, lifestyle deficiencies. Then consider reusing the cpap, but if it doesn't work again, an oral mouthpiece may be hist best option.
1334180	Was sent for Urine test 8weeks after questionable very small kidney stones was sent for ?uti   came back    WBC 8 RBC 114 Casts 2 what does this mean?	Casts questions A urinary tract infection when it involves the kidneys or ureters (the draining tubes connecting the kidneys to the bladder) may produce a 'cast' of the ureters known as white blood cell casts. It may indicate a urinary tract infection is present not just in the bladder but also in the kidney and ureters. If tx with appropriate antibiotics does not solve the problem urological referral is needed
81799	I have bumps on the outside of my vagina. It looks like a bunch of pimples in one spot. Kind of itchy but mostly annoying. What could it be?	Bumps on labia What it sounds like you are describing is folliculitis. However, without seeing it, it is hard to say. If you shave or have waxing done, this is a common problem. You should get to your doctor soon to be sure of the diagnosis ad receive proper treatment.
6663732	How effective is anastrozole (Arimidex) for treating breast cancer?	Good it is a very good drug in preventing breast cancer relapse in patients who have had their breast tumors removed. prevents estrogen stimulation in patients with estrogen receptor positive breast cancer.
6626125	9m old baby boy.head sweating while sleeping.it is there from inital months.what could be the reason.he is feesing and playing normallysometime snores?	Normal Many babies perspire while they sleep and it is a normal finding. If your baby is otherwise active, eating well and reaching developmental milestones, then don't worry about the sleeptime "sweatiness
572217	Hep-c test =positive and anti HCV antibody test result = negative what it mean ? And is it require to take HBV vaccination?	Unrelated issue It sounds like the screening test for hcv was positive, but not confirmed. This would not speak to the need or lack thereof for hepatitis b vaccination.
6658869	Since 1/12/15 I've had a sore throat. Went on two different antibiotics w/ little relief. I've also had fever, rash,hives & swelling in my hands/feet.	Systemic evaluation You need an evaluation for a systemic problem, The hives can be an allergic reaction to the antibiotics or it may be part of a systemic illness. An allergist can help see if the hives fit into the other symptoms while a rheumatologist can evaluate the whole syndrome including the swelling in the hands/feet.
1427938	I keep going to the bathroom in small amounts. Stool is more red than brown, soft, and turns water/TP pink. I have IBS and did not eat beets?	Time to see an MD Consistent blood in your stool should be evaluated by a gastorenterologist. Hemorrhoids, infection, and other bowel diseases should've checked for.
1518520	I am having nasal congestion rebound due to otrivin.now i bought saline nasal spray but it contains benzalkonium chloride? Should i use it?	No Sorry that you are going through this. i have also. I found that if you tough it out and breath through your moouth in a short time it will all open up. In the meantime don't use anythin
6787851	Hi...im experiencing itchy,scaly and painful palms for the past 2 days...i also have redness,unpainful rashes all over my abdomen...rashes at the back?	See a derrmatologist Indicate it is urgent when you call
141968	Edema in a pregnant women who does not have high blood pressure or protein in the urine. How common?	See below Some amount of edema in the legs in pregnancy can occur without high blood presssure and protein and is quite common, however sudden weight gain or facial edema is something to consult your doctor immediately. If its the first time you have noticed it , consult your doctor anyway.
1604875	Dry cough, dizzy, weak, sensitive to noise and light, no headache, body feels warm but no fever?	Exam You must be examined to determine the cause of of your symptoms. This may be a viral or the the begining of a bacterial infection.
832528	I have major GI issues and feel stuff getting stuck in throat I am ANA positive no skin issues or raynauds but think i may have scleroderma , advice? So scared see dr. Chittajee tomorrow. Im only 27!	Why? You seem quite knowledgeable. However, there is something called medical student syndrome. Everytime a new disease is read about, the student worries about having it. Symptoms are often non-specific. Material getting stuck in throat could be caused by an unrelated esophageal problem, but there are many other causes. A rheumatologist should be able to clarify, but first, esophageal studies.
773382	I'm 7w pregnant, hCG is 3000+ & doubling normally, ultrasound shows thin uterine lining, & baby cannot be found. Dr suspects ectopic. What do u think?	It is possible Judging by your description, a normal pregnancy should ve been visible with transvaginal ultrasound. 99.9% .Yet there is a tiny chance your pregnancy may be normal. However , higher chances of having an ectopic pregnancy.
1475068	Unexplained  bruising all over body, fatigue,  wieghtloss, headaches, loss of appitite, body aches, mild dizziness, weak legs.What going on with me?	You need to see a doctor personally . Make an appointment today.
1571997	Very achy, fatigue, chills, mild nausea, nasal congestion feels like in ears now, slightly dizzy. No fever or cough. Co-workers sick. Sound like flu?	Yes! sounds like some type of viral infection
87205	I hit my head very hard last night, got 5 stitches. Now im very tired and feeling dizzy/confused having trouble concentrating. Should I go back?	Concussion You are exhibiting typical symptoms of a concussion. You should do things that reduce your brain activity, such as not watching tv or playing on the phone or computer. Giving your brain time to rest is what heals a concussion and you should follow regularly with your physician for resolution of the symptoms.
82847	13 y.O. Hard to breath, consistant cough, burning inside torso, gets a bit dizzy  now and then, after coughing feels slight heart/lung burn?	Lung illness My general rule is that anyone who is finding it "hard to breathe" should see a doctor immediately--not wait. This is just one of those symptoms you can't take chances with. From the information given it is not possible to presume a diagnosis. The most common explanation for all these symptoms would be asthma, which is serious, but without an md evaluation, it is impossible to tell.
1272686	It's my 18th day past IUI and 3 days before my menstrual cycle. Currently having breast tenderness, white discharge nd abdo cramps. Sign of pregnancy?	Could be Wait until your period is due. If it doesn't come then check a home pregnancy test. Maybe the IUI was successful. Here's hoping.
6708538	Sudden increase in back pain after PT approx 24 hours ago. s/p lower pole patellar fx, CRPS II, CPS, L4-L5 S1 herniated disc. Using Advil for pain. ?	Pt It is expected to have the pain exacerbated after first couple sessions of PT, just go through with it, it should get better
602826	What can cause a itchy red warm swollen spot on my arm?	Bug bite Most such localized spots would be the result of some bug deciding to bit you & you body deciding it didn't appreciate the attention.
311283	My 7 year old son has red itchy spots on his knees thighs and top of feet and it seems to be spreading to his stomach and bottom what is it ?	Allergy/Insect From your description appears like allergic spots. But check to make sure he does not have any insect bite marks. Try topical Benadryl cream or Benadryl by mouth. If not subsiding try steroid cream 1% or 0.5% (tiny amount). If both not helping consult physician.
1388520	Swelling of the hands muscle pains in his arms and shoulders and pain behind his right knee just suffered from fluid in the lungs?	Not sure need more info such as what caused the fluid in the lungs, are your electrolytes normal and any history of a blood clot in the legs, either way needs urgent medical attention to determine causes
850034	My vagina has some on & off itching. What is it? Its not a yeast infection. & I am sexually active, but haven't had sex in a week or so? Help!	Vaginal itching See your gynacologist to rule out a trivhomonas infection.
614086	I took penicillin and i got a yeast infection. Is this normal?	Very common Antibiotics are common disruptors of the normal vaginal ph balance, and can cause overpoliferation of candidal flora, resulting in "yeast" infections. Usually, otc treatments or or Diflucan anti-fungal treatments are effective to resolve symptoms.
6709667	Lower back pain numbness in right leg and right arm. Pins and needles in right arm down to fingertips. Please help.	Complex Could consider nerve compression in lower back causing your leg symptoms, and perhaps, peripheral nerve problem in arm at wrist or elbow. But could also wonder about neck problem causing spinal cord compression and explanation for both problems. See a neurologist and get this sorted out.
870414	Lower right abdomen pain very dull, tenderness, bloating, high nausea, fever, pain@mcburneyspoint:positive, increased urination&urge2urinate, appendicitis?	Maybe appendicitic r Maybe ruptured appy versus pelvic inflammatory disease. Check cbc, ultrasound or more commonly ct scan and do this in er since it is weekend.
6709663	Burning, achy pain behind upper wisdom tooth. Tooth is fine. Dentist says tmj. Motrin or Tylenol doesn't help. Can tmj cause this achiness? Miserable!	Yes Temporomandibular disorders can definitely cause these symptoms. You can find an Orofacial pain specialist on www.aaop.org. You can try warm compresses over the jaws; it might help.
1092149	Sudden mild headache back of head, instantly over but brain fog, dry eyes and tiredness remain for rest of the day. Ideas?	See a neurologist With a headache specialty who also is trained in sleep medicine. Such a neurologist should be able to sort this out for you. Best wishes.
134523	I have low blood pressure and slow hr at rest and a fast heart rate during exercise, what should I do?	Your MD can tell you If you have been exercizing aerobically your rest pulse might be under 60. If not or you are dizzy or light headed see your md asap your pulse should go up with exercize. If you are young and very fit you might be able to pass 200. Since you onlyleft a little info i think you should talk to an md. He/she may reasure you or have you see an excercize physiologist or recommend a stress test.
6754460	How does long term use of NSAIDS such as aspirin or motrin can or may cause heart disease? and what's considered long terms use here?Thank you doctors	Asa no It may cause GI bleeding others in large doses and over 4 to 5 yr reg use
1145663	I have cloudiness thick urine whenever i pee i don't feel any burning or itching on my penis or testical what can cause such problem do I ned to worried?	See yourPCP ; get a urine culture ; sensitivity- that will give you an answer!
1573046	36 weeks pregnant all of a sudden having severe pain in the back right side of my head. It is tender to touch in one particular area. Preeclampsia neg?	One sided head pain (occipital) UNLIKELY due to blood pressure etc and more likely a pinched nerve in the neck! Try sleeping flat (or just ONE pillow). Try applying heat to the back of your head/neck Hope this helps! Dr Z
1378669	Pain in back of thigh and knee with bruising (some purple) and swelling. Pain more present while standing or sitting or when leg is straight?	See doctor for evaluation. You can ice it and try Ibuprofen (if no contraindication) till you see your doctor.
809055	Ct scan: swollen neck lymph node for 2 mths. Dr said reactive of benign nature and to f/u in 3 mths. Insist biopsy?	Up to you It us up to you, but you could also get a second clinical opinion before you go for a biopsy.
722617	I've been having stomach pains in my lower abdomen for a whole week now . I've also been having diarrhea and blood in my stool. Is this bad?	See your doctor Although this could just be a self-limited colitis, the duration and the bleeding are disconcerting. Try to get in to see a gastroenterologist.
1096082	Can you tell me about Vyvanse and the duration it is detectable in your urine?	Taking for how long? One time use, amphetamines clear in about 1-2 days. Regular use, longer - up to 5 days typically. May vary.
408390	Can a yeast infection be transfered by vaginal touch to eye touch? I have had a yeast infections going on for some time now and nothing is helping. But i may have forgot to wash my hands after touching down there and now I have a severly red eye with gree	Yes Yes it can be transferred by touch. You need immediate evaluation and care for both the eye infection and vaginal candida infection at an emergency department or urgent care clinic.
513549	How possible is fibromyalgia  or cfs when i all my blood work spine MRI (almost clear) neurological test eye doc test also have been diagnos with pots?	As above Best way to find out to see u pcp for physical exam and work up and than ask these questions.
1344896	Iam experiencing very light pink rash on the tip of my penis. Little itchy to the point where i can resist. Had peeling skin on inside of foreskin?	Here are some ... What described strongly suggests a high connection between redundant/long foreskin and rashes of glans penis. Hence, to keep the glans penis and foreskin in adequate ventilation and hygiene is the essential part of topical care. If such is not good enough, circumcision would be the choice of long-term care. But, note: no direct look at it is hard to come up an accurate Dx as wished. So, see Doc...
6751522	Symptoms: dark loose stools, difficult/incomplete evacuation, severe abdominal distention from trapped gas, mucous. Diagnosed IBS. I think Proctitis?	Typical IBS symptoms As you suspect, these symptoms indeed are consistent with irritable bowel syndrome. But they aren't particularly suggestive of proctitis (inflmmation of the rectum). Inflammatory bowel disease (e.g. Crohn's disease) can cause similar symptoms as IBS, and also can cause proctitis. So I suggest you raise these questions with the doctor who diagnosed IBS then follow her advice. Good luck!
1174912	I've got rough patches of skin on both sides of my big toes and on the side of my little toe on my right foot. Is this a callus?	Sounds like it You can file it with an emory board.
602755	4wks post d&c. Severe cramps no bleeding. Ultrasound shows hematoma in uterus & leuteal cyst on ovary.Now waiting 4 blood lab results. What's going on?	Complication In some cases, the cervix closes and blood backs up in the uterus forming a hematoma. This is the most common complication of D&C done for a pregnancy. Usually a repeat D&C is required. The blood test is probably the doctor checking on the HCG level. If this isn't related to a pregnancy, re=post the question with more specific details.
1522848	I have itching and burning Cuz of peeling on my vagina I recently had sex also had my period recently , I've had this problem b4 just not as bad ?	Vaginal peeling this is definitely not normal. I suspect you have some type of an infection and with your sexual activity you need to be examined. Get in to see an FP or GYN ASAP will this is still going on.
320329	My muscles ache with increased weakness to arms. Also intense deep pain to right forearm for several hrs after typing. Is it deconditioning?	Maybe Or it could be tendonitis, radial tunnel syndrome, carpal tunnel syndrome, or a pinched cervical nerve.
193936	I have had a failed lamectomy at l4/l5 l5/s1 and I have L5 lateral recess that was not corrected. My current symptomns are left calf pain and bi lateral hamstring pain. I have experienced sexual dysfunction.  I have a herniation at l2/l3.  One doctor reco	Too complicated I think you need to see your surgeon or seek a second / third opinion. Possibly a pain specialist.
519625	I have swollen lymph nodes on the side of my neck and behind ear. Some of them hurt. I have had them for a month. Is this serious?	Likely benign, but The neck is a very common place for mild lymph node enlargements. We do about 5-6 lymph node biopsies a day-from the neck-and most of them are benign. However if rapid growth is noted, or if bigger than 3cm, or if other symptoms develop you need to have it checked. The most common cause of enlarged lymph nodes in the neck are a viral illness, a dental infection, skin infection and "other".
1105151	What to do if I am having arthroscopic knee surgery next week, and i'm there be a drain from my knee after surgery?	The Q. is not clear With some word(s) missing. Generally no drain is used after an arthroscopic surgery, unless it is an open procedure.
1294365	I feel a lot better nausea is gone, i've only got abdominal cramps and diarrhoea, if it was gastroenteritis would i still feel how i did 2 days ago?	Normal Gastroenteritis usually lasts anywhere from 3-7 days. Stay hydrated. Glad you're feeling better.
1063510	I cut my hand with a kitchen knife between thumb and index finger on tuesday. Today I have a sore throat and difficulty swallowing.  Could this be tetanus or another type of infection?	Unlikely Sounds unrelated.
1130167	The lymph nodes on the back of my neck seem to swell and hurt when my allergies flare up. Could allergies cause this and how can I relieve it?	Inflammation Lymph nodes react to inflammation at times by swelling and tenderness. As long as they recede this is a benign situation. It's probable that inflammation of the nose and throat during allergic reactions are causing this in your case. Avoiding specific allergens and taking antihistamines, decongestants and tylenol may help.
1063514	Reacurring  pelvic/abdominal pain and white blood cell vaginal discharge- are there any other causes besides pid?  No gonerreah, chlamydia, hiv	PID Pid is the commonest possibility. You should ask your doctor to do a ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis.
54935	How can a patient still have cancer after lumpectomy? Cant find good surgeon (even if rich celebrities)? Not fair to need mastectomy vs radiation, etc	Lumpectomy An expert physician in breast cancer is necessary to give the statistics necessary to decide on a lumpectomy. A good expert gives the positives and negatives of a treatment, likelihood of a recurrence. Not all surgeons are equal in their ability to treat breast cancer. Always, get a second, or even a third opinion. Educate yourself, have a family member become a great source of info for you--read.
1308549	The skin between my pinky toe and the toe next to it is itchy and slightly moist, as if there was pus. It's also peeling away. Why is that happening?	You may have... A fungal or a yeast infection in the skin of that area. Try lotrimin ultra as an otc attempt, but if it doesn't begin to work in a week, see a doctor. (podiatrist or dermatologist).
1103209	Does anyone know, after hallux valgus-hammer toe correction surgery, doctor arranged plaster of paris bandage upto knee.?	Yes... possible. Some procedures require immobilization with a cast or a splint.
1163279	Me and my girlfriend have been sexually active for2 years just today we were and after there was blood on me and she was bleeding . What happened?	Cervicitis If you had vigorous and or deeper than normal sex, there could be irritation of the cervix (cervicitis). Hopefully she is seeing a gyn doc and having yearly pap smears. Cervicitis can be no big deal or can be sign of inflammation. If it continues to happen, then she needs to be seen.
1401018	MRI: "There is mild-mod right foraminal narrowing on the right side at L4-L5. The dural sac and contents appear unremarkable" What does this mean?	The foramen is the opening through which a nerve root exits the spinal canal. When it is narrowed, usually by degenerative arthritis and/or a disc herniation, it can pinch or squeeze the nerve root going through it, possibly causing symptoms. In your case it would be the right L4 nerve root. The dural sac is the membrane surrounding the spinal cord.
1555267	6 hours of abdominal cramping
Soft stools not quite diarrhea and now light dizziness and vomiting?	See your physician could be many things, but with 6 hours of cramping , would suggest you see your physician or go to the ER
1555263	Blood pressure of 90/50, dizziness that worsens,nausea, shaking, headache and heart  palpitations for the past 3 days.What should I do or take?	See your physician with low BP and palpitations for 3 days suggest you see your physician or a cardiologist
1286611	Can genital warts look atal like Fordyce spots? My partner got fordyce, then few weeks later i got them, now my 6yr old has them on his willy? How ?	Probably not... Fordyce spots are subcutaneous ectopic sebaceous glands, but not related with hair follicles, and warts are hpv-infected lesions on the skin surface. This distinction may help you see their difference; if not enough, see doc in expertise timely. Occasionally, biopsy may be needed for final confirmation, but not clinically necessary most of times.
1112772	Inner fold of my vagina has bumps. No puss.Appeared a few days after shaving. Could it be irritation? Doesn't look like pictures of herpes i've seen	Needs examination We can not say what exactly it is without examnation. It may be due to shaving but get it checked by your doctor or gynecologist.
1112773	I've had acute mono/ebv but still not better. What types of tests should I do next? I've don't blood tests, mris, cts	It depends,, This likely depends on whether or not you're sure you've got mono. If your doctor is sure you've got it, likely nothing more but if it's a clinical diagnosis, a serology test to confirm the mono virus is likely best. Also you're unlikely to get better for a while as this can last for weeks before resolving. Best of luck.
1128381	Yellow  brown discharge after using OTC yeast infection treatment is this normal? I did not have discharge before using meds just red itchy	Yellow discharge The discharge may be normal. Check with your doctor for a culture.
780365	What are the homeopathic remedies for traces in albumin in urine?	Nearly 300 There are nearly 300 homeopathic remedies known for Albumin in urine -- and each has its own properties. Dealing with kidney disease is a chronic, constitutional situation, requiring an experienced homeopath to help you find a helpful remedy out of many. You'd be discussing far more than urine issues alone, here. Finally, collaborative care w/your physician would be best in this case too.
1421896	Weekly Migraine headaches normally triggeredby certain foofoods, direct sunlight. Managing by inducing vomiting drinking warm water & skipping 2 meals?	See doctor to get it checked out. It does not sound like a typical migraine.
243581	Any knee doctor who performs double-bundle ACL reconstruction in seattle area?	Probably There are many surgeons that perform double bundle acl reconstructions. However, since there are many ways to perform them, we do not know which method is better, or whether it is any better than an anatomic acl. Perhaps a better question is whether a double bundle acl reconstruction is right for you. I perform both, but i still question whether it is better. I am in los angeles though.
986329	Is antibiotic ointment safe to use on sore spot inside nostril?	Antibiotics Many antibiotic ointments do not recommend their use intranasally. Some antibiotics can be, but it would be best to see your doctor to determine 1) if antibiotics are the best treatment for your problem and if so which one to use, 2) if not, what medicine is appropriate.
706508	Hoping you can tell me, is day late period and yeast infection a sign of pregnancy?	Well... Yeast infections are more frequent during pregnancy but are not a indicator for pregnancy. A later period may be due to pregnancy and merits a pregnancy test.
493901	I have a pain in the left side of my chest, side of breast and under armpit, is this my heart or lung? Hurts to take deep breathes	Pleurisy That is typically more related to your lungs and can be something as benign as pleurisy or something more serious such as a blood clot to the lungs. If you feel short of breath, have rapid heart rate, or are in any other way concerned you should be evaluated right away. If you are unsure then call your doctor's office and be connected to the doctor on call.
1354626	Blood test at 9 weeks less than 0.6 hcg, negative hpt, two positive ovulation tests. Am I pregnant?	Back to school? There is a mental health condition common in medicine where a female ignores all rational evidence of not being pregnant. You are so obviously not pregnant perhaps it is time to see your therapist? Or to discuss your obsession despite this evidence with your family doctor?
1552274	3 days b4 period hCG blood test results were 2.14 DPO when period was due i spotted brown very little nothing since. Cld i b pregnant? Is it implatati	Could be The blood hcg is essentially negative in most labs but you still could be pregnant. Check a pregnancy test and if it is negative repeat it in 3-5 days. Hope this helps
6649717	I think I have a piece of cereal in my throat. I mean I can breathe fine but it's annoying. Is there a choking hazard here?Or It'll go down Eventually	Get checked A foreign body sensation often lingers for <1hr after it has been coughed out. No Qtipping! Aspiration of food particle can and does happen, even in healthy young people; food not show on xray. Very high in the throat? ENT can easily do rhinoscopy for quick check around upper throat, tonsils. But unresolving food impaction, true aspiration, respiratory distress? Go to ER.
520784	One of my big toes is red and swollen on one side. When i got a pedacure it hurt really bad. When things touch that spot it's really sore.?	Probable infection Sometimes an oral antibiotic alone can solve the problem, other times a podiatrist may need to remove a sliver of nail. You can try soaking in warm water and epsom salt and applying a topical antibiotic , if no improvement see a foot doctor.
6791502	I missed my period I'm getting hiccups I'm moody cramping I have milky discharge ? Could I be pregnant ?	Possibly If you had unprotected sex and are not on a reliable form of contraception, then yes, it is possible to be pregnant. Get a home pregnancy test to give you some reassurance. Best wishes. Dr M
1141102	I ended my period two days ago.. I went to the bathroom and i was bleeding again. It wasn't period blood i could tell it was light red/pink?	Tough to say Could be remnants of your period from ending 2 days prior, or could be urine issues, or something else all together. You should get an exam which may include a vaginal exam and urine analysis. Best wishes.
1262767	Stiffness & aching in joints in a.M. & when sitting for extended periods of time. Active job & am thin, female, age 33. No rash. What might it be?	Depends Advice to obtain some blood tests to rule out muscular or rheumatological diseases if negative insurance exercise will help.
1473826	Please help Dr. My friend got a mosquito bite and it's very swollen, burns and itches. Fear of west Nile? What to do, when to see dr? Loc: Concord, ca	Mosquito Bite When was Mosquito bite? Watch carefully. If decelop high grade fever or severe N/V or dizziness etc see doc right away. For bite, take Ibuprofen or Tylenol.
633795	I've had a rash off and on for a yr. Under the sides of my breast and right above my pubic hair.It's a lot of itchy bump. Is it eczema?	Yes See dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options.
1499202	Feels like a period but its white discharge period late 2 weeks 4 negative home pregnacy test sexually active no patch for 3 months what's going on ?	See doc Despite negative home pregnancy tests, you could still be pregnant. See your doctor for a blood test for pregnancy and to find out what is going on.
6782746	I have pain in my lower right abdomen... I don't believe that it started in the center, but it has progressed over the night. Should I see a doc?	Need doctor to check Lower right abdominal pain can be from many things. For pain there, appendicitis is always a concern (pain can worsen over time, with fever coming on). If one is constipated for several days, stool can back up all the way to the right side, and cause pain. Having gas may or may not be related to the discomfort (lactose intolerance will cause gas). A hernia or ovarian problem can cause pain, too.
6645842	High blood pressure 151/92, fast heart rate (120-140), tingling, tremors, and muscle pain mostly I'm arms and legs. Last 5 days. What is this?	@ 18 U need help- -bp that high & tachycardia, get in 2 C some 1 now! Worrying about it may lead 2 hyperventilation which can cause a lot of the symptoms U describe.
1298293	Could anxiety/stress cause sharp chest pain above your heart area?	Chest Pain Causes Yes, anxiety and stress can cause a sensation of pain in the left chest. Howeever, you should be seen by a doctor to rule out one of the more serious causes of chest pain.
1381466	Got Bicornuate Uterus & am told renal issues are typical.  Having hysterectomy for Endometriosis.  Should I still find out if I have any kidney defect?	Renal eval's in orde A renal evaluation is in order
569342	If i had open wounds from shaving on my vagina, is it possible to get a bacterial infection through your vagina during sexual intercourse.	Yes Always possible to be infected through unprotected sex, but superficial open shaving cuts are unlikely to be the target, and these cuts are generally on the surface of your outer labia and not inside your vaginal barrel. Would be more concerned about sexually transmitted diseases.
1086402	I have small rash on the head of my penis, routine or std?	When in doubt Check it out. Evaluation of an unusual rash at the penis should prompt further evaluation by a trained physician. All the best.
384040	I have two broken back bones i believe L2 &l4 & L5 also has a problem how long does it take to heal or need surgery I am 46 years old and have had two serious back injuries previously and I have arthritis in my lower back, neck, and right hip. I have done	It It sounds like you have been through a lot and you have a very complicated medical history. Spine injuries can take a very long time to heal as you know, especially if you have other medical problems. It sounds like there would also be concern for you to have surgery as you have known heart problems so would be a high surgical risk. I would ask that you see a pain management doctor, or a physical medicine & rehab doctor for their advice. I assume you have seen a neurosurgeon, if not you must have a neurosurgical evaluation. If you had worsening pain, weakness, or any change in bowel or bladder control then you would have to be seen as an emergency.
1319546	6 weeks 5 days pregnant with ovarian cyst now have an orange lije discharge is it a miscarrage or ovarian cyst ruptured?	Spotting Many women spot in early pregnancy
164544	Its not summer yet and I haven't been outside. I keep getting these small dark brown/black dots and spots all over my body. Are they new moles?	Yes As we age many of us get spots as you describe. They are likely harmless but you should be checked by your pcp to be sure. Sun with the uv rays cause pigmentation to brown us up. Those uv rays can play havoc with moles. Moles that are new or existing can be transformed into malignancy so any mole changing character need immediate exam by your pcp and maybey referral.
868294	Can a yeast infection or a UTI make your vagina feel irritated or burn during and after sex?	Yes Such symptoms are common for these infections.
1593211	Swollen lymph nodes in neck , large  growth in nasel passege and eye pressure blurrieness all on right side of head. What could this be?	Lesion in sinus Large mass in nasal passage may be due to a lesion in the adjacent maxillary sinus. A lesion here sits right under the orbit and could cause eye problems. If malignant may also have spread to cervical nodes. CAT scan of head and neck region followed by biopsy of the nasal growth can define the nature of the growth and extent of sinus involvement defining what treatment is needed.
6701665	I peel pieces of hard skin from my scalp. It looks like small thick brown circles. My scalp also itches even though it's washed What could this be?	Peeling skin The ideal is to see a Dermatologist but they often have a long wait time. If that is the case please have your regular doctor try and have you squeezed in to Dermatology. Usually works.
641832	How many days after exposure to gonorrhea and or chlamydia can a swab and urin test detect the stds?	2-4 weeks Most modern tests can usually detect at the 2-3 week period, but will be most sensitive if you wait until 4 weeks after exposure.
1068603	Pain in r knee when it is kept straight for a while. Pain moves all around kneecap but mostly hurts on the lateral side. No swelling or tenderness.	Tracking problem It has different names, but goes by patellofemoral syndrome, patellar tracking problem, etc. You can do exercises to reduce the pain and improve the condition. See your doctor for more information.
1380225	years ago I got Jaundice, recovered then I took vaccination for Hepatitis sometimes my skin turns yellow should I avoid taking Minocycline for acne?	Consult doctor As you had vaccination for hepatitis you are protected ,but your skin and eyes turning yellow sometimes could be due to Minocycline . You may stop Minocycline and watch for skin color.But you should get your liver checked by doing blood test .Talk to your doctor and get his opinion and do accordingly
726660	Been on 500mg3xday amoxicillin for tooth abscess was told to take 300mg clindamycin before root canal. I have aortic stenosis too. Can i mix the two?	Not really Who prescribed the two medications? The same dentist? Discuss this with the dentist/specialist who will be performing the root canal therapy. Amoxicillin can also be used for premedication, if that is what is indicated in your situation.
850994	Rheum thinks i need a liver biopsy. Sle pain over liver, into back/shoulder, pressx4mo nausea.Mri/labs norm but low protein and low platelets. Biopsy?	Liver biopsy and SLE Sle patient can develop liver disease unrelated to lupus, similar to anyone else. Sle related liver disease (autoimmune hepatitis) is usually diagnosed by blood tests, seemingly unyielding in your case. Serious risks with liver biopsy are possible albeit rare, a fairly easy outpatient procedure. More info needed as lupus commonly causes low platelets & protein unrelated to lover disease.
554522	I just got ACL surgery done yesterday. When should I start bearing weight on that knee?	Variable Every surgeon has his/her own preference for returning to walking and weight bearing, so ask your surgeon! for my reconstructions, i typically allow full weight and walking on the day of surgery. It is aided by crutches until the quad muscles can adequately function to allow walking. Normal working without a quad inhibition can take anywhere from a few days to a few months after surgery.
1427499	Tested for hiv,chlamydia,gonnorhea,syphilis. All negative.doctor did not test for herpes because of no symptoms. Should i just move on with sex life?	Yes yes, it sounds like you had a thorough work up.
291718	What to do with bee stings that are swelling too much?	Use EpiPEN, go to ER You may have no problem with this, but if you have an allergy or you think you do, my advice is to get to an er asap. They will give you Epinephrine so you don't go into anaphylactic shock, which can close your airway and kill you. After this episode is over, you might want to see your doctor and get an epipen, which is a shot of Epinephrine you can give yourself quick if this happens again.
269947	What could cause yellow discharge that smells with itching, burning, and red & swollen labia minora?	Infection Such as yeast or herpes or bacterial or allergic rx, see your gyn for an evaluation so the proper cultures can be done.
122163	How does a child get hand warts caused by HPV virus?	Direct contact Hpv is acquired by direct contact with the virus from somebody else who also has it.
607487	What does it mean when both knees are swelling and it hurts crouch down and get back up plus walk upstair?	Internal knee issues Knee swelling and pain with squatting are common findings with meniscal tears. Knee pain with stairs is usually related to degenerative cartilage behind the knee cap. An orthopedic surgeon can evaluate your knees and help determine what is causing your pain.
1446762	Late period probably 13 days late pregnancy urine test negative but now having white discharge no odor. Sore breast on and off.  Could I be pregnant?	Unlikely If your period is late but the HPT is negative you are most likely not pregnant. Take another test and then see GYN if you don't get your period in the next 1-2 months.
770715	Is it ok that my albumin and albumin/globulin ratio was a little high in my blood work?	Is the globulin hi? If the reason is because your globulin is high, needs to be attended to with further analysis. Some collagen diseases (lupus, etc.)., myeloma etc..Can present with asymptomatic hypergammaglobulinemia.
1406267	Can't stop burping/farting. Constant excessive gas these past 5 days since low-abdomen cramping & diarrhea. Worse after I eat. Better in the morning.	GI evaluation Maybe from diet or early food intolerance ( fatty foods) ; however, these are also common symtoms of gallblkadder diease- you need a full GI medical workup.
496504	Sharp pain in chest-near heart, started yesterday, but only hurts when coughs & breaths. Had similar pain before but this is diff. -for my dad (45 y/o)	Not the heart Sounds like your chest pain is non cardiac and a workup for other causes should be sought.
234448	Will a person be able to walk normally after knee replacement surgery?	Yes Cetainly in my hands.
329672	How successful is chemo treatments along with fu2 cheom for two days in treating colon cancer -stage 4?	This is complicated There are many different chemo regimens for people with stage 4 colon cancer which include fluorouracil. The effectiveness of the chemotherapy varies quite a bit depending upon your coexisting medical conditions. On average, however, stage 4 colon cancer is very serious and regardless of treatment the 5 year survival rate is low, in the range of 10% or less.
1481672	18 yrs old. Never have been pregnant. Never had intercourse. Had vag yeast infection for a month. Pains and burning in nipple of breast. what's wrong?	Breast pain Since you had a vaginal yeast infection, it is possible you have a yeast infection involving your nipples. You should see your doctor to find out if you have an immunodeficiency that is causing your yeast infection
1472993	Can celexa cause insomnia? Morning or night? Also taking seroquel with food at night to sleep	Shouldnt Start it in the AM if it makes you drowsy take it at nite with your seroquel
546563	I have a rash under my arms and on my hands and wrists. It's not itchy, just red and blotchy. Could this be part of tonsilitis?	Fever or medications Did the rash appear along with a tonsillitis? Were you being treated for it? An infection can cause a rash and a medication can cause it too. If you were given an antibiotic and the rash appeared afterwards, call your doctor.
566834	Started in left lower  bac hurts bad like a 10, now, legs, arms, skin burning , stiff neck eyes hurt, chills, fever  right side hurts now too, very weak?	Doc visit ASAP You need to go to doc or er asap. You may have systemic infection that needs antibiotics. If you have stiff neck this is very serious pls go to er or urgent care now. You may have meningitis.
1212423	I've had severe abdominal bloating and indigestion for three days, what should I do and what could be causes?	Just 3 days? If it is improving, it may just be from dietary reasons (too much fat, spicy foods etc). If it persists for more than a week or getting worse, see your doctor. In the meanwhile you may try some otc anti-acid pills.
637426	Are there restrictions on certain food when you have liver cirrhosis?  Aside from alcohol, what should I avoid?	Balanced diet If there is abdominal fluid from cirrhosis, a 2 grams sodium diet per day is recommended. Vegetable, milk and egg protein is recommended.
1334601	Started as sore throat. Then runny stuffy nose. Now ear infection. If ear left untreated can anything bad happen?	Otitis media Although your body is usually capable of clearing ear infections without treatment, a persistent infection is capable of producing complications such as extension of the infection to other areas or hearing loss. Your doctor should be consulted if you are not feeling better soon.
233536	Is a little pus on my partial knee replacement sight where the stitch is anything to be concerned about a month after surgery?	Yes,see your surgeon "pus" at a surgery site always potentially concerning. It could be something relatively minor such as a buried absorbable stitch irritating the skin, or it could be a very serious problem of a deep infection in the joint. Only your surgeon should make that call and do it asap!
6632267	Was diagnosed with the flu 9 days ago.  Doing better.  No fever, body not aching, but I now have diarrhea and feel fatigued.  Is this normal?	Yes Post viral inflammation normal.
1364832	My arms feel like they have growing pains with some numbness and tingling at times. Also it seems to be one arm at a time. Nausea and lightheaded also?	Gather more info Losts of possible answers depending upon details. A common condition in young women is what I call "Headache-numb arm". The major mechanism is stress causing chronic muscle spasms along the spine resulting in various nerve symptoms and subjective complaints (not much on tests). Pay careful attention to the exact location of the numbness. Report this to your doctor. Many other possibilities.
6773997	I have had unprotected sexual this month and was due my period on Wed. It's now Sat and still no sign. Should I worry? When do I test for pregnancy?	Test now Go ahead and test for pregnancy now.
238702	33wks. Pregnant,  having a bad toothache, tylenol not working and cannot see ob or dentist until.Tuesday. Is it safe to take motrin for the pain?	Call your MD It is not a good idea to take Motrin or other nsaids during pregnancy. It may cause premature closure of a duct in the baby's heart. If you have pain call your OB now and she can prescribe another type of medicine or you may go to urgent care
6761715	For sleep aid, patient with severe insomnia  you dr. had to choose between prescribing Amitriptyline or Trazadone or Flexeril, which one would you choose? and how would you monitor it?	Variable I use trazodone frequently for insomnia since it is scored two different ways on the tablet. It gives a variety of doses to try from a 150 mg dose. In other words, you can try 50-75-100-125-1150 mg at bedtime for a sleep aid. Flexeril is also a reasonable attempt at sleep aid. I monitor by early morning feelings more than anything.
6717395	Comparison to fordyce spots/warts/herpes: fordyce spots occur in larger numbers (50-100's) whereas herpes/warts are fewer in number? Is this correct?	Sort of There is no rule that says prominent sebaceous glands (Fordyce spots) occur in larger quantities than hermetic lesions or warts but they generally do. Fordyce spots are not a disease and they are not transmissible
1187702	For three weeks my symptoms have been; nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, dizziness, fatigue, and headaches, my period is also now a week late...	Pregnancy v. menstru These symptoms could be as simple as pre-menstrual type symptoms or they could be due to early pregnancy. Given that your period is late, why not take a home pregnancy test? Get lots of rest, drink lots of water and take 600mg Ibuprofen for abdominal cramping. Given what you describe as your alcohol intake, you could be dehydrated, make sure to drink, exercise and flush out your system.
947665	If i suffered a miscarriage without a rhogam shot, what happens if i get pregnant again?	Rhogam If you are rh positive there is no problem and Rhogam is not indicated. If you are rh negative there is a potential chance that you will get sensitized depending on whether you get transfused a certain amount of blood from a rh positive miscarriage.
549267	I found a pea size lump right below my armpit beside my right breast, is this cancer?	Unclear It may not be normal. This could be a skin-related cyst, a lymph node, or a nodule related to your breast. In any case, this is certainly deserving if an evaluation by your doctor.
1169086	Cramp like pain off and on. One breast hurts ob one side. No period as of yet. Used protection. No condoms broke. Been stressed. Could i be pregnant?	Cramping Your cramping pains and breast tenderness could be premenstrual symptoms, if you are due for your period. They are not diagnostic of pregnancy -- which is unlikely if you used the condoms correctly. If you miss your menstrual period you could check a pregnancy test to better answer this question.
6761460	Why am I lightheaded just about all the time for 9 months? All blood work has been fine, all heart test are normal as well as mri of head and chest ct	Mgt I would suggest having your BP closely monitored in the AM/PM, seated, lying down and standing. Another suggestion is to stay well hydrated.
258765	My blood results are normal-thyroid=cpk 20.00-tsh .72-t3 39.10-t4 8.09-ra factor<10.00 what is this? I have two nodules in thyroid one 2.2 and other 0.48 with associated calcification. What does this mean?	Did thyroid ABs ? Many people with hashimoto's get cystic thyroiditis. You do not mention whether these were done. Benign nodules are quite common, be should be biopsied, nonetheless!
6780623	After having irregular periods metformin helped to regulate my periods. Now i've missed one. Im sexually active. Can pregnancy be likely or not. Pcos.	Sure If you have been having regular periods now then you are probably ovulating. If you have had sex without condoms or birth control then pregnancy is certainly a possibility. Why not check a pregnancy test at home and in minutes you will have your answer
6740268	Symptoms- dizzy numb head and left side on and off h/aches loss of sight in left eye 4days now returned bloated oedema for no reason hands and legs?	Loss of sight? Loss of sight 4 days ago? Go to ER NOW for assessment.
1155312	32+5 preg.2 days of loose stools or diarrhea.Wicked back pain, cramping, and tightening in tummy .Always feeling full and like have togo to the bathroom?	PLEASE call your OB Now.
1226047	Which excercises are helpfull or ok to carry out without harming myself since I have lumbar disc degenrative disease(l3-l4, l4-l5, l5-s1) with sciatica?	Elliptical Trainers and spin cycles for cardio and fixed weight machines such as nautilus for strength. Follow back strengthening exercises as instructed by a sports related physical therapist. This will minimize your risk of recurrent back pain. There is also some benefit to inversion tables but not without expert advice and direction.
1309394	I have clusters of bumps on the underside of my penis and sack and pubic area. I don't know if it is herpes or warts. I have pictures as well.	Probably not either While the depicted condition is not clear enough to provide a good guess, clinically, it seems not suggesting either, but more for the presence of the common sebaceous cysts, which are usually asymptomatic but annoying by their appearance. For confirming what they're, go to see urologist so he may help you out and solve the doubt timely. Best wish...
1209530	Hcg levels 19, 000 at 5 weeks 5 days and an ultrasound showed gestational and yolk sac. At 6 weeks 1day, hCG was 38, 000. Sound like a viable pregnancy?	So far 1st ultrasound was done too early, an ultrasound done in 3-7 more days should show a fetus with a normal rate htbeat.
6741795	14 yr old son having dizzy spells, fatigue,  pulse of 50, low blood pressure. Chronic red hands which when squeezed take about 8 seconds to go normal ?	Dysautonomia Dysautonomia syndrome causes different symptoms, avoid stimulants, ensuring hydration, using magnesium, vitamin D & omega fish oils (www. cardiamin.com, use code: CMC), low dose beta blockers e.g. propranolol 5 to 10mg 2 to 3 times daily and SSRIs e.g. citalopram 5 to 10mg daily. Read Dr. Ronald Hoffmans MVP book (www.Amazon.com) and visit www.dysautonomiainternational.com.
6794599	How does taking flomax affect high blood presssure or asthma?	See remark Flomax can lower the blood pressure,sometimes it may cause light-headed feeling. Please ask your doctor who is prescribing you Bystolic ! as he must be monitoring your blood pressure during your visits It is used widely for prostate problem by urologists.
1309399	1 yr ago swollen lymph nodes on groin, arm pit, rib cage. Blood work normal. All went away except node on rib cage, two inches from breast. Abnormal?	Quite possibly Please return to your family physician and/or internist. Your symptoms are worrying and need further investigation.
130523	What happens if a child age 5 years gets vaccinated twice with the hepatitis a shot, a month apart?	Inadequate response Minimum interval between the 1st and second dose of hepatitis a vaccine is 6 months. Another dose in 5-6 months would be appropriate.
1478047	Greenish liquid diarrhea and abdominal pain three days after food poisoning. Vomiting has stopped.Why? Been trying remedies like apple cider vinegar.	Intestine Recovering Often gastrointestinal infections will begin in the stomach and move down the GI tract so you may begin with vomiting and end with diarrhea. Sometimes diarrhea can be because the infection (food poisoning) disrupts the delicate balance of good vs. bad bacteria in the large intestine, to help this you can take probiotics. If it does not improve, see your doctor.
647545	Is sinus surgery better than always taking steroids and antibiotics for chronic sinusitis?	Sinusitis Greetings. The question you pose is very common to hear. The treatment offered depends on a lot of considerations. Is chronic sinusitis the true diagnosis? Have you been treated with maximal medical therapy? Have you been evaluated by a board certified ENT surgeon who has a great deal of experience operating on nasal and sinuses? After these questions are answered, then maybe the answer is yes.
6634949	How long does endoscopic sinus surgery take. How long does it take to heal. ?	FESS Endoscopic sinus surgery is of variable duration. The actual time of the surgery depends on the surgeon and on how many sinuses are operated on and if any adjunct procedures are performed.
598301	What does creatine do?Shud i take it b4 or after my workout.I've also tried some supplements lyk mass gainers and whey proteins.Which shud i take when	In general nothing! Creatine is highly touted supplement used as a performance enhancer. In general, any such ped carries some risk, even over the counter. I recommend you not take anything!eat well, maybe add more protein and be cautious with carbs, and stay well-hydrated. You can get strength and mass with a good, well-designed work-out without supplements.
1224434	I'm feeling pain underneath my toenail callus was removed by a podaitrist on the site where i had an ingrown nail removed but still sore underneath?	I am feeling pain Did you have x-rays taken of the toe to make sure there are no bone spurs? Are there signs of infection? Ask your doctor to look at the toe again, may be a small piece of nail remains.
1545148	Has there ever been a case where a girl has gotten pregnant from sperm leaking into the vagina from anal sex?	Here are some ... With 45 yrs in studying & practicing medicine, I have never heard such in conference & never read such in publication. So, I would be amazed to say "a Godsend miraculous occurrence"; treasure whoever the baby will be. Besides, always realize and accept nothing is free in life but comes with a price.
1131976	The side of my vagina has been very itchy for 2 weeks, today i noticed little spots where the skin looks like it's peeling. Could it be dry skin?	Needs exam Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment. Dry skin is one possibility. Herpes and yeast are others. Schedule a visit for an exam.
995058	Im pregnant five months long and IV been diagnosed with a yeast infection of september11 this year I am having pain, burning symptoms?	Those can both be Symptoms of a yeast infection. Please follow your physician's treatment recommendations. Take care.
6644243	Hi, i'm a healthy 22 year old female. i've never been able to breathe through my nose and have always been snoring. i was wondering what the treatment options are?	Snoring You sound like you have upper airway obstruction that may be due to enlarged tonsils or adenoids. You may have a surgical treatment that can help your symptoms;
6773594	I am 11 days past period, started few days earlier than normal and was not as heavy discharge normal and negative test mild cramps mild sore breast.	Common complaint Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
6648193	Hurting  in my stomach,cramps,lot of gas.Then threw up a few times.Nausea will not stop.Diarrhea started on second day,watery and black.fever 101.1 now going on third day.	Gastroenteritis If you have not yet seen a doctor go NOW!! Best if you could see a GI doctor, but if not then go to ER, have stool tested for blood, you may need a CBC to be sure you are not becoming anemic and may need further evaluation and therapy. Do not ignore this further. Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
1353639	Can a tonsil stone cause slight sore throat or that side, painful ear, slight loss of taste and globus hysteria?	Not all of them A tonsil stone is not a stone but a collection of food particles in the crypts of the tonsillar surface. It usually does not cause pain. A slight sore throat with referred pain to the ear is possible, also. But loss of taste and globus would not be associated with the collection of debris in the tonsil.
1140411	Turbinate hypertrophy swollen all day everyday & can't breathe. Otc antihistamine  or singulair better? What are the causes? No history of allergies.	Try OTC first Try zyrtec for no sedating or Benadryl before bed. Of that fails see an ENT doctor for evaluation.
1394065	Pain in bladder area, bladder feels full but not much urine comes out + weak stream. No frequent urination but when urinate feels pain.	Here are some ... You need to be checked out if you have UTI or inability to empty bladder or to hold urine with detailed general Hx/ voiding pattern/ lifestyle, etc. , physicals, urinalysis, residual urine check, etc. so to deduce possible causes before proposing reasonable Rx/care. So, go to seek urologist timely; online inquiry and guess would not be enough to pinpoint your current urological concerns.
6609523	Having symptoms like shallow breathing, nose congestion, pinching pain in upper back near spine and occasionally left arm, sinus pressure, tightness?	See MD anytime you have chest tightness or pain I would see someone. My assumption is that you have pleurisy which is inflamed lung lining which can happen with an infection. But I would see someone for an exam.
6744307	Is it normal to have white clumps inside of my vagina after I did a vaginal treatment for a yeast infection?	Yeast The yeast infection itself classically is associated with a discharge described asciottage cheese like and some of the vaginal creams used to treat it can also form white clumps. It is perfectly normal to see these white clumps after vaginal treatment of yeast. Hope this helps and you feel better fast.
301126	Why might someone have low blood pressure low heart rate and dizziness?	Heart condition This is likely a heart condition that needs to be evaluated asap. When the heart is not working efficiently or effectively, the heart may not pump as fast as it should or as strong as it should. This will limit blood flow equaling low blood pressure. This will cause less blood flow going to the brain and hence causing dizziness.
1245250	26y/o. Chest pain, palpitations, metallic taste in mouth, internal tremor..Especially at night. Worried. Routine blood test came back normal. Ideas?	Several ideas Here's one -- has pheochromocytoma been ruled out?
622409	Had vomiting/diarrhea. Now have sore throat and headache. What's going on?	Symptoms of Viral infection. It's good to do thraot culture to exclude strep infection.
1034536	My dr put me on Xanax celexa larzartin celexa & Xanax take 2gether@nite morn i take larzartin & Xanax still feel sleepy morn what's best anxiet depres?	Xanax Is not a good sleeping pill, it has a long half life. For anxiety, take smaller amount during the day.
1319672	Day5 after Hydrocele surgery.Scrotum feels the same and have same size like before.I was expecting a postop. edema, but feels exactly like my hydrocel?	It is edema Hydrocelectomy can be traumatic to the testicle and there can be more edema than you expected. The only way you can know for sure is to have your scrotum examined by your surgeon.
842650	Tingling from hands to elbows n feet to knees. What can cause that?	Nerve compression Some kind od pressure on superficial nerves could cause that. Could be at wrist like eatly carpet tunnel. That does not affect legs. Need to see a doc if it occurrs daily.
6793456	Given Amoxicillin for a week to treat my sinus infection. It's been a week and I still have bad odour from nose. Was I given the wrong medication?	Sounds like it. While amoxicillin is a great choice, it does not kill every kind of bacteria that can cause sinusitis. If you have had no improvement in 5 days, then it likely is the wrong one for this particular infection. Call or see your doc to try a different one.
6763717	Sore throat on left side; ear ache too. Ear was "plugged" up. No fever, some fatigue. No muscle stiffness/soreness. Currently uninsured. OTC remedies?	OTC meds for URI Avoid antihistamines like loratadine, zyrtec and Benadryl. Try using pain relievers like Tylenol or Advil. Protect your stomach if you choose Advil by eating or taking antacids. Sudafed and Afrin can help open your nose and ears; use with caution if you have high blood pressure. Ear and throat infections can be serious. Look for a free clinic or low cost community health center if you get worse.
1522217	I had a bacterial throat infection, had a dose of anti biotics and a repeat. 4 days after finishing im getting a sore throat and white tongue. Ideas?	Possible thrush.. White tongue and sore throat might be symptoms and signs of oral thrush which is associated with a yeast(fungal) infection and require other type of antibiotics to be prescribed. Please make an appointment with your doctor so a direct exam can be performed and appropriate treatment prescribed.
721673	Had my first "panic" attack when smoking weed. Have quit since then but still get intermittent chest/arm/jaw pains. Heart has been cleared?	Cannabis psyche Cannabis can be the gift that just keeps on giving. You may wish to consider seeing a psychiatrist at this point. Possible effects of marijuana: anxiety, depression, fear, panic , delusions, hallucinations, losing touch with reality, inattentiveness, short-term memory problems, disturbances of thought processes. You might feel tired, have poor concentration & slowed reaction times.
1227648	Heart racing, slight chest discomfort, nausea and feeling like i could pass out. Maybe two of these a day. Feels like anxiety attack.	Take pulse Is heart skipping beats. You may be having palpitations and/or fibrillation. See your doctor. But take pulse first while having symptoms. If rate is even and regular then it is likely anxiety related to virus, etc.
1583421	Colonscopy 2013 bright red rectal bleeding, diagnosis hemorrhoid . Appearing again & GI schedule colonscopy w/ anesthesia. suggesting incomplete last time?	Rectal bleeding cannot be ignormed- I am not sure what "incomplete" means-make sure to get a full report and biopsies if taken from the next colonoscopy.
1218795	Feeling like on a boat when walk or standing.  Dizziness now and then. No nausea, no hearing loss, no ringing  in ears. Balance good. Inner ear issue?	Could be With the lack of hearing loss and only symptomatic on walking or standing, make me believe that is due to a sensory ataxia or due to something like migraine. Check with your doctor.
6755783	I had surgery done for a navicular fracture today in my foot. How long does the nerve block last? been 6 hours and I'm still numb/can't wiggle toes	Block decreases pain Peripheral block duration depends upon what actual anesthetic agent is used in isolation or combination. They are done to decrease the pain associated with the underlying surgery. As the block wears off, pain pills (prescribed) will need to handoff the pain management duties in large part along with compression and ice therapy. In general, blocks can expect to last between 8 and 24 hours
407968	Whats wrong with my legs? I am 43 yrs of age with bad knee pain and swollen ankles sometimes hip pain.What can it be from? I've been like this for the past 5-6 yrs already, but my dr wont take ex-rays or blood work. He seems to think theres nothing wrong,	If If you have not had a basic work-up of these joints yet (to include plain radiographs) and you have complained repeatedly of pain in these joints to your physician, it may be time to change doctors. Good luck, i hope something is found that can be corrected!
551356	Hi there I have sore jaw on left side only i can't bite ny teeth together or open my mouth wide my gums ain't tender could it be a start of a absess?	Trismus There is no such thing as "classic tmj", the same as there is no "classic knee" they both are anatomic names of joints. More likely it is the transitory inflammation of the muscles of biting and opening (masseteric sling), named trismus. Limit opening wide, ice on and off, take NSAID (advil etc), moist heat, soft diet; then it very well may subside. Good luck!
687337	I had a small pea sized bump appear on the right outter side of my labia overnight. Its very tender & my right inguinal nodes are painful to touch.	Inf Bartholian cyst Most likely you have infected cyst , need antibiotics and drainage of cyst ( abscess) and get relief . Please see your gyn doctor or go to er.
959406	I had a headache from 4 pm - 5 am. I didn't take anything. I took Excedrin around 4 am but it didn't help. Then I took Maxalt MLT around 5 am and it helped. Can you take Excedrin and Maxalt for migraine?	Yes These are different medications with different modes of action and can be taken together or one shortly after the other if needed.
922604	I stretched my scrotum the other day and my right testicle is sore but doesn't sting. It feels a little swollen. What could this be?	ICE Ice it if persists see a doctor.
1289547	Brief stabbing pains in left breast/chest.  Some left should blade pain.  Doc says heart is fine.  Muscular?	Probably Such pain is usually musculoskeletal. Other telltale features confirming this are palpable tenderness over the affected area, accentuation of the discomfort when changing body positions such as rolling over in bed. If the pain is accentuated by deep inhaling, is accompanied by fevers, sweating, or palpitations then probably needs further checking out.
1199448	Blurry vision body feels heavy and weak  dizzy and lightheaded diarrhea nausea pain in upper right tummy 30 weeks pregnant came out of nowhere	Get checked Symptoms like this in the third trimester should be evaluated by your doctor. Contact your obgyn.
1321187	Am I pregnant? My last period was on April 17th and was due may 13th now two days late sexually active but have had 2 negative pregnancy tests.	Tests say no The tests say no. If you don't believe them, then you must go get a blood test.
292430	How do you prevent a yeast infection when having sex frequently?	Good hygiene, etc.. The best way to prevent this is probably good hygiene, like douching regularly and showering regularly. It would also help to lessen the frequency of sex. Give your body a chance to rest and recover.
1051836	I have an extremely painful toe specially at night. Looks swollen nd red however no signs of a fungus or ingrown nail or injuries.  Please help.	Possible paronychia You may have an infection of the soft tissue surrounding your nail. This is known as a paronychia.If warm soaks do not help i would see a dermatologist.
1428562	I suffer PMS 6 days before my period. Cramps, back pain, extreme mood swings, crying spells, sore breasts, fatigue, am i suffering pmdd?	PMS Try taking ibuprofen a week to ten days before your period begins. If your symptoms don't improve discuss taking birth control pills will your doctor to reieve you of your symptoms
978678	Epic migraine currently; is it normal to have tingling/numbness in left side of body with migraine? (hands and lips only)	It depends Migraines can cause numbness or tingling sensations to certain individuals, however, if this is something new to your attack , pls consult your doctor right away to rule out other nneurological diseases such as stroke.
149305	I'm 26 weeks pregnant & just found out I have a basal cell skin cancer.  Do I need to be concerned?  Had a mole biopsied that came back as basal cell.	Ask the doctor Who did your biopsy.
748235	Impacted&rotten wisdom teeth, can it cause sore throat, ear pain, jaw pain?Mainly sore throat at back of mouth(annoying). Always swallowing thick mucous	Possibly See your dentist or oral surgeon to perform a thorough evaluation to determine if your "bad" wisdom teeth are the cause of your symptoms and to take these teeth out.
255870	Is it considered cosmetic surgery if I get my front teeth aligned?	Yes Cosmetic procedure. Yes. Surgery. No. If you are going the braces route, insurance may still pay for some of the cost.
1482103	Sore tatas, cramping, fatigue, nausea, acne, lower back pain, headaches for over a week. Period isnt until the 20th... Should i take a pregnancy test?	Symptoms if you have had unprotected sex you may want to check a pregnancy test around the time your period is due
1158500	What causes burning pain in both thighs, shoulders, legs, toes, feet? Peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia, trig neuralgia.	Weird foot sensation A good likelihood is that you may be experiencing some initial symptoms of peripheral neuropathy. This can lead to weird altered sensations such as burning, tingling, and even increased warmth. I would recommend you see a rheumatologist and a neurologist. Also some of your medications may add to some weird sensations as well.
378900	I think i'm pregnant I have dizzy spells, fatgue, cramps really bad sharp and shooting in the pelvic area... Bloating at times, breast tender to touch, headaches all the time, mood swings about the stupid stuff. That's all my symtoms.

And to make things	The The Mirena iud is good for 5 years. It is time for you to have your old Mirena removed and replaced with a new one. The symptoms you are experiencing could be due to pregancy (since the hormone that makes the Mirena effective is depleted). Or could be due to the fact that you need this iud removed (could be causing inflammation in your uterus). It is prudent to take a pregnancy test, but timing is crucial. The pregnancy hormone will be detectable in the urine 14 days after conception.Taking a test too early may give you a false result. Make an appointment with your doctor, it is time for you to get your iud removed, perhaps at that time, you can have a pregnancy test as well.
335955	25f frequent back pains and spontaneous numbness in arm/hand/fingers/feet & toes! when i press on my lower spin above my butt crack it feels like pins and needles?	See back specialist Sounds like the problem is originating in back.
1109436	What will docs give me for shoulder/arm pain after elbow tendon surgery?	Discuss that with -- Your surgeon, as every surgeon has his own methods/preferred meds, etc.
6652625	Can I take sleep aids (diphenhydramine 50mg) with my 54 mg of concerta?	Yes I hope you mean that you are taking Concerta in the morning and the Diphenhydramine at night!. Many patients take a sleep aid if their Concerta causes insomnia. Diphenhydramine at that dose is perfectly acceptable.
396464	Pea sized lumps on my penis ok so the other day i was masturbating and after i was done i looked down and saw that i had two pea sized bumps on the shaft of my penis and one on my scrotum   I have had sex before but used a condom I have had these bumps fo	The The fact that lotion worked leads me to believe that you may be dealing with dry skin/dermatitis. Otherwise you could be dealing with cysts or even warts. It is very difficult to say without actually examing you and getting a more detailed history. The smart thing for you to do is visit a doctor for a complete evaluation. Lastly, remember to always protect yourself with condoms. Take care.
1453415	Im pregnant and my one nipple is more itchy and sore than the other one why is that?	Skin Infection Cellulitis or yeast infection have to be high on the list of possible reasons.
1141924	Hw long does period last on birth control? And can you still have sex while having breakthrough bleeding? Can you get pregnant during pill free days?	Bleeding on Pills Bleeding on the pills depends on how long you've been on the pill, the dose of medications in the pill, and some other factors. If you started the pill recently, the bleeding may last for 1-3 cycles but should stabilize if you continue the same pill. Still, you can get pregnant if your ovulation isn't completely suppressed. If you took the pills correctly, the pill free days should be safe.
895833	Once a week for the past 4 weeks I have been hit with severe nausea, stomach cramps, sulpher burps, vomiting and horrible diarrhea.  Symptoms last 4-6 hrs than go away for about 6-7 days. Any clues?	You need to see A primary care doctor or gastroenerologist.
6621865	Sick for week now pretty much the same feverish sinus pressure pain feels like face is pounding VERY stuffy nose and cough very lethargic sore throat?	Viruses stink Most sinus infections in children and adults are viral pathogens. It's not uncommon for symptoms to last 4-5+ weeks. I'd talk to your doctor about ways to decrease some of the symptoms. Can be as easy as DayQuil or if appropriate, I will prescribe a cough syrup (eg Tussionex) with an intranasal steroid (eg, Nasonex) and/or Chloraseptic Max Cough drops (they have 2 numbing agents in them). G'luck!
1272749	What might cause dry itchy dark patch, itchy breast, itchy rash on back waist area, sudden weight gain, feeling full, daily headaches. And more.	Many things There are many things that could cause those symptoms. Thyroid disease, eczema, diabetes, dietary changes, allergies, and so on. You should see a doctor to have the rash and other symptoms evaluated.
489686	I am on the pill and missed my period, had 2 negative pregnancy tests 2 days after missed period. Cramping on 1 side, slight nausea and bloating?	Could be a cyst Sometimes an ovarian cyst foms and causes these symptoms, even while taking the pill. It's important to see your doctor to find out what's going on. A transvaginal ultrasound exam can tell if you have a cyst.
277851	I get a lot of migraine headaces and I've has a sleep study and an MRI and the were fine?	Prevent the Migraine Heredity is a big factor in developing migraines. If there are no other apparent causes for the headache your best course of action is to start on preventive medication. Don't let yourself get in the cycle of trying to chase your headaches away with meds which could just make them more constant and worse. Find a headache specialist at achenet.Org if your doctor can't start you on preventive meds.
617210	Surgery options for patellofemoral syndrome from flat feet and very tight thigh muscles weak muscles inside legs.15yo active girl.Different surgeries?	See below In 400 characters i can't discuss surgical options. Try non-surgical first. Check out this link: http://sportsmedicine.Ucsd.Edu/conditions/knee/pages/patellofemoral-syndrome.Aspx.
505578	I'm getting the flu and I am going to to dr's tomorrow. I am 23 weeks pregnant. Can i take theraflu flu & sore throat tonight? Or should I wait till my visit with the doctor? Thanks.	Flu Would refrain from theraflu as pregnant. Would take acetomiophen for fever body aches do not exceed 3000mg over twenty four hours. Stay hydrated and see physician.
527895	Hand is swollen, painful, sometimes much colder than the rest of body.  I also have pains shooting from little finger almost to elbow. Wrist hurts too.	Seek med attn Seek medical attention. Assuming you did not have a mechanism of injury, a vascular vs rheumatologic cause needs to be evaluated.
868109	My mom having numbness and pain in her left pinky finger.Iy become cold and blueish. She have to elevate her hand to not to pool blood in her finger. ?	? vascular supply Needs to be evaluated as soon as possible for compromise of vascular supply.
1422169	Red looking pimple on my lip, it's not raised a lot , it doesn't tingle, it's itchy tho, and it's NOT a blister. What is is? Is it the start of herpes	Could be a Hemangioma but can't tell without looking. That sins little collection of blood vessels. It can be removed.
1112161	Left side only. Arm/neck/middle spine numb, painful upon waking for years. Oct. Severe left scapula, shoulder, underarm, tricep elbow forearm pain?	More testing needed These symptoms are too vague to allow for a more detailed response. These problems are best evaluated by an orthopaedic surgeon. This will require a comprehensive physical exam and the necessary x-rays or MRI tests. Only then can a reasonable diagnosis be made.
383106	Could i be pregnant? I had my implanon birth control removed two weeks ago, since then i haven't had a period, spotting or any kind of bleeding since having it out. My husbanc and i are planning on baby #2 so we have had unprotected sex, almost every nigh	It It may be that your symptoms are from having hormone swings after having Implanon removed. Wait a week or two and take another test, and if you are still not sure and aren't bleeding then see your doctor for a blood test.
678385	My period has not come this month. It is at least two weeks late. Not pregnant. Not sexually active. Have never missed a period. Having light cramps.	Anovulatory cycle Irregular menses is very common in young women. Check out http://en.Wikipedia.Org/wiki/anovulatory_cycle for info re anovulatory cycle as cause of irregular menses. Hormonal birth control pills can be used to regular menses but they don't prevent sexually transmitted diseases. You'll need to make your partners wear condoms each & every time to lower infection risk.
269359	What could cause painful(difficulty) swallowing, swollen tonsils, red throat, swollen lymph glands and earache?	Infection? Sounds infectious. Need to see your doctor. Hope this helps.
257618	How can I stop my snoring problem?	A couple of things First try simple stuff like have try sleeping on your side. Also avoid excess alcohol before bed, consider weight loss, and you might want to get a sleep study to dertermine if you have sleep apnea. It is a more serious problem. A dentist may be able to help you with a mouthpiece appliance as well.
6674651	I had a rupture cyst on my right ovary 4 years ago. Recently during intercourse I get a pinching cramp where I had the rupture. Why now & not earlier?	Cyst The events you describe are two true occurrences but unrelated to each other.
387686	Symptoms of dizziness, nauseous with vomiting, frequent headaches, and my body aches. Could i be anemic? 18. Not sexually active. Sometimes i don't eat enough food in a day. I may eat once or twice and i don't drink water. Lately I have been dizzy, nauseo	I'm I'm sorry to hear of your symptoms. Dizziness has many potential causes so here are few key follow-up questions. Do the body aches have any connection to the episodes of dizziness? Do you have fever, chills, or night sweats. Do you ever have vertigo (a hallucination of movement)? Do you have a rash? Have you suffered any back injuries or is your back pain related to any event that may have precipitated these symptoms? Have you seen a docotr and if so was any testing performed? Sorry for all the questions but your symptoms are associated with so many potential problems that more information is needed before any formal differential can be made.
723734	I have vertigo episodes,  headache every day, clogged nose when laying down for bed, andmy head feels full, no sleep causing severe fatigue. Seen md?	Vertigo Your vertigo is due to the backflow of mucus from your nose into your middle ears. Your sinuses also seem to be involved because of your headache.All your symptoms combined speech for an allergy problem. Talk to your doctor about the possibility of your high blood pressure pills causing part of your problem . You should also see an allergist for testing and medication.
1377944	My period is delayed for almost 1 & 1/2 month, I was sexually active 3 weeks ago, my partner does not ejaculate inside me, no condoms. Am i pregnant?	Pregnancy test Did you take a pregnancy test? You need to get a test to see. If you are exhibiting signs like breast tenderness and nausea, it may be a sign of pregnancy but the best way to tell is to get a pregnancy test.
1202411	Last period- jan 2, now thick creamy dishcharge, spotted once, missed period, sore boobs/ nipples, back/head aches and cramps. Signs of pregnancy?	Yes With the symptoms mentioned, you could be pregnant. I suggest doing a home pregnancy test or seeing your gyn. The heavy vaginal discharge may be a separate issue and should be evaluated.
1215805	For 3 days, i've had a severe headache, severe back/neck/joint pain, dizzy, bad fatigue, no fever. Had meningitis 19yrs ago. Worried as it's no better?	SEVERE HEADACHE Go for checkup at once since you had meningitis before . There are many causes of headache to rule out. Take care.
1225729	Does uterine fibroid prevent pregnancy. What drug can I use to unblock blocked fallopian tubes.	A fibroid can Prevent pregnancy depending where it is located and how big it is, if your tubes are blocked then you will either need surgery to unblock them if possible or in vitro fertilization please see a gynecologist there are no drugs that will unblock tubes.
6705207	How do i know if my infection tooth is spreading I'm on amoxcillin. I now have a sore ear and throat. Is it spreading? I don't see an abscess. HELP!	Abscess See an abscess? Can you see high blood pressure or diabetes? You've got a tooth infection and now you have symptoms that can indicate that it is spreading. Call the dentist who prescribed the amoxicillin for you... if you are self medicating, then you still need to call a local dentist. Drugs cannot replace dental treatment.
1605222	Dark itchy spot next to areola, also feels tingly and has gotten bigger over 3 months and i also have headaches at night and breast tenderness? 24 yo	No tumor Breast tenderness is common especially in young patients with growth of breast tissue. The dark itchy spot may be a keratotic lesion next to areola but not tumor. If it increases in size a breast surgeon may want to do a skin biopsy in office to make dx.
1479573	Does gatorade cause kidney stones. Just wondering since I drink a lot of it?	No Gatorade does not cause kidney stones. It is mostly sugar water (with high fructose corn syrup, which is worse than sugar!), has minimal amounts of electrolytes, and is of no nutritional benefit. It will make you fat if you drink enough!
1048826	I had my appendix and an ovarian cyst removed a week ago. For 5 days now I have had diarrhea and nausea. Is this from my surgery?	Possible: c diff Diarrhea and nausea are quite common after abdominal surgery but may be do in part to the antibiotics or pain medications. If prolonged this could be a sign of clostridium difficile diarrhea and should be discussed with your surgeon.
939646	I felt some small bumps in my vagina, i'm not sexually active. Just had a uti. Just started bc for pcos. Bump near the bottom of my vagina is senitive?	Bartholini cyst Most likely you have bartholini gland cyst a and possibly abscess . There are bartholini cyst that produce mucus on each side of the inner lip of the labia of the virginia . From time to time the could be blocked and mucus can accumulate and give you bump which could be painful . It could also be infected and form pus ( abscess) . Please see your pcp or obygyn. He may lance it or do procedure
191188	Why do I have joint stiffness in the middle knuckle of index finger?	Arthritis This may represent arthritis-loss of ecartilage. Could also be a tendonitis.
6675748	Can a pinched nerve cause Numbness and weakness that comes and go on the right arm/hand and right leg/foot?  Also, pain in the shoulder blade/bicep.	2 nerves one pinched nerve can't cause numbness in arm and leg. So look for other causes, or multiple levels of disease
1365169	I have a tiny size lymph node that is swelling under my ear, also my Supratrochlear is swollen too, what could this possibly mean?	Often this is From scalp irritation/sores on the same side of head.
6724463	Last sexual contact was about 7 wks ago had blood test last wk came back less than1 HCG ..any chance of ectopic?  I had a tubiligation in 1998	Unlikely Even an ectopic pregnancy would have an HCG of 25 or higher. You are not pregnant.
1187288	Numbness and general fatigue in right arm, swelling in right hand, and sometimes tingling in teeth on right side of face. Very weak grip. Any thoughts?	Low blood oxygen These are typical signs of sleep apnea, a condition which involve periods of ten seconds or more without breathing (apnea) and periods of time with shallow breathing and a significant decrease in blood oxygen levels (hypopnia). This condition can be diagnosed by a sleep specialist with either an overnight at home sleep test or at a sleep clinic utilizing a full psg.
1382677	34/35 wks preg DD 7/29-8/3 lower abdominal cramps lower back pain little watery discharge BH since 30/31 wks hurts to walk or close legs Uncomf lay.	See OB Please see your obstetrician. The pain, discharge and your degree of discomfort might be rather routine, but that you are seeking advice is concerning. Good luck!
1345684	I have ETD. I am a runner. When I run lately I hear a clicking sound in my inner ear which stops if I walk. Is it harmful to keep running?	ETD in runners Your ENT specialist would be in a better position to answer this question knowing your medical history and having discussed treatment options. For a chronic condition like ETD, a regular activity like jogging shouldn't be too risky while a bit annoying. I would make sure you give yourself regular breaks to make sure your condition keeps returning to normal, while you seek additional advice.
6653578	My partner and I were sexual active unprotected 2 days after my period and 2 weeks later I am spotting?	Spotting Check a pregnancy test just to be sure
6622811	Can I use one metered dose inhaler to administer fluticasone and albuterol, one at a time? Or should I get separate inhalers?	Separate Since each MDI device is customized to the unique product, I don't know any study showing that they can be interchanged. If you have lost one of them and it is an emergency, by all means go ahead. However ideally, one should not use a part devised for one device on another unless otherwise specified ( for example - Aerochambers)
1195487	It's been 7days of persistent pain in forehead, behind eyes, back of head &neck with numbness &hot sensation .I took panadol, relaxants but of no use?	Red flag Abrupt onset of a new or different type of severe headache and accompanied by an abnormal neurological symptoms are red flags. Because the location of the headache is bifrontal in, it is not unusual for the headache to be misdiagnosed as a tension-type headache. Rec.: see headache or orofacial pain specialist.
1179756	Chest pain behind sternum . Ecg heart enz echo cardiac ok.Dr say reflux with allergy. Should i worry about heart?Normal blood  pressure and heart rate	Don't give up It's normal to be concerned about your health, and to worry why you feel bad. The possibilities are numerous--ranging from acid reflux (i.e., heartburn) or a peptic ulcer to pancreatic or biliary disease ; even stress. Alarm signs include weight loss, bleeding, recurrent vomiting, significant tenderness. Whatever the cause, you're appropriately anxious about it and should seek additional help.
6783413	Swollen left knee hospital said its soft tissue damage my ankle is swelling along with leg could this be related?	It could be I would also rule out a clot in my calf....
1502399	Mild itching inside vagina, comes and goes thruout the day. STDs impossible both partners monogamous&clean.Different but not foul smell no discharge?	Here are some ... Could you tell the degree, duration, interval, evolution, & progress of the itch over time? Did this itch come along with some discomfort in the back or pelvis or only recur over 1-2 days after sex? Did your partner have similar Sx? These info will help deduce if such itch is from local cause or referring/ So, look into these and work with Doc for detailing. ..
1442645	Blood Pressure: 117/68
Resting Heart Rate Sitting: 75bpm - 85bpm
Exercise everyday.  Friend's sitting resting heart: 70bpm - 75bpm why? Heart Disease?	Normal These are all perfectly normal values. Good job on the regular exercise. Keep it up!
1446080	I have a bump on my buttock/upper thigh, cauliflower started as itchy now it is irritated, tight. this is unlike my HSV I and II or molluscum?	Exam this can be a cyst, abscess or soft tissue growth- you must be examined.
1320290	Light line inpregnancy test ,beta hCG 74 ,nothing visible in Doppler us , after 7days of missed periods .can ds mean a risky pregnancy?	Not necessarily Its not necessarily abnormal to have a low HCG level in very early pregnancy. It probably doesn't mean you have a high risk pregnancy, just a very early pregnancy. Also, you shouldn't expect to see anything on Ultrasound 7 days after you missed a period. A repeat HCG level can help clarify the situation if you are worried.
303782	Why does knee fluid become solidified 1 week after laprascopic surgery?  It would not drain today when my doctor tried to drain it. I can't bend  it.	Scope After arthroscopy, if fluid can't be drained it may be an organizing hematoma--collection of thickened blood.
1309008	What would cause pain in left inner elbow? Also some pain in bicep while bending arm.  Left shoulderblade tender also.	Tendon inflammation Pain around the inner elbow is likely inflammation of a group of tendons that insert at the elbow. Theses tendons are associated with the muscles that bend your wrist. The bicep problem could be a similar issue with the biceps tendon.
6770643	Had a tonsillectomy 2 weeks ago and my ears hurt badly when I yawn! Why?	TMJ Sounds like TMJ (tempormandibular joint) pain. Recommend soft diet and , anti-inflammatories such as Ibuprofen for a few days. Avoid chewing gum, opening your mouth widely, or chewing with your front teeth until symptoms improve as well.
1431613	I am 10 DPO. My period is due in 4 days. A serum HCG test is negative. I know it is detected in blood sooner than urine. Can I rule out pregnancy?	No. In my personal experience in the early stages HCG rise is quite variable. Let's see if an OB answers your questions. I am Family Practice, so I do not have the volume that they see.
1476089	I have very itchy watery eyes,  itchy runny nose,yellowish green mucus, & a cough that makes the center of my sternum feel sore, not sure what 2 do?	See a dr these symptoms may have started because of an allergy but you may have developed a secondary infectious tracheaitis or bronchitis needing prescription meds.
6637334	7mo with diarrhea & very loose stools. They look light yellow with strings of mucus. Drooling a lot. Refusing her bottles, refusing solids & Pedialyte	Infectious diarrhea Most likely viral and needs clear fluids, preferably pedialyte (try different flavor), as much as possible to avoid dehydration. Avoid milk and dairy products and use probiotic to restore digestive health. Go to doctor or ED right away if vomiting or fever is noted or no urine for more than 6 hrs.
1484235	Constant Wheezing x 1 week, continuous prod cough, lethargic, SOB, cong, sore throat, chest on fire, severe sweating, chills, tight chest?	Acute bronchial asthma? Pneumonia? You need to be seen by a doctor as soon as possible. Have someone to take you to an ER or call 9-1-1 for an ambulance.
6685097	I have a regular 28 day cycle period usually last 3 days, third day being the lightest. Ovulation occurred March 26-31, period was supposed to start April 12 period was four days late, had signs of pregnancy, when started bleeding flow was different then	Not pregnant If you have bleeding then you are not pregnant. Periods can vary from time to time depending on many factors - stress, recent or current infections, antibiotic use, hormonal fluctuations. Keep a diary of your periods and if you start to miss periods, have excessively heavy periods or frequent spotting, see your OB/GYN or Family Doctor.
6657214	Bumps on the top and sides of my tongue, and my throat is sore and hurts when I swallow. My glands are a bit tender. No fever or nausea or headache?	URI Upper respiratory tract infections are usually viral and are treated symptomatically with OTC preparations. If you think you may have Strep throat a quick trip to your PCP or an urgent care center should clear this up. Best wishes.
1290109	How do I know the chemo treatment for breast cancer has affected my good normal cells what damage does it cause to my body?	Chemo effects Dear catherine, unfortunately chemo does affect normal cells (that is why you have nausea, diarrhea, hair loss, etc), however, the effects are usually transient and function should return to normal after you're done with treatment. The severity of the side effects are different for each person and depends on the type of chemo. Long-lasting side effects are very rare. Wish you a speedy recovery.
1046198	Been off bc since end of sept. Still don't have a period, white milky discharge, sore nipples, lower back pain, nausea, unprotected sex. Pregnant?	Possibly It is always the first thing to rule out when a woman your age has not had her period. Start by taking a pregnancy test. Either way you should consult your ob/gyn.
6754697	My right thumb has been tremoring sporadically over the last 2-3 months. I only notice it when I text. I'm extremely fit and active. Parkinson's?	Tremoring thumb PerC ~ no this would be an extremely unusual way for parkinsons disease to manifest. Since it appears to be so directly related to texting, have you considered that it may be an overuse injury? You will know for sure if you stopped texting for a week and see if this gets better. I am almost certain it will ! thanks
1502020	Tsh 0.01, T3 4.3 T4 1.8 ? Do I have thyroid disease ? Could the test be wrong? My tests are always normal for,My thyroid .....know why?	There can always be errors in testing, but your initial tsh is low and definitely needs to be repeated along with a freet4 and a good history/physical exam.
1464172	On bed rest for 2 months on back. And now I'm working on recovering by sitting up. My head feels heavy dizzy  could my blood pressure be too low?	Go slow It's called orthostatic hypotension. There is no routine on how to recover. Just gradually try to sit up. When the dizziness gets to you, lower back to a level that is tolerable or look at something solid and unmoving (ceiling) . Baroreceptors in your vessels regulate your BP and they have gotten "lazy" with bed rest. Just go slow and increase your sitting up time. Takes time.
6792089	I've been sick for about 3 weeks, mostly fatigue. My EBV levels are VCA IgG 153, VCA IgM <10, early AG IgG 25.7, nuclear antigen IgG 158. Any ideas?	No idea First you would need to give us more details on the sickness other than just fatigue. The tests you have had are not helpful in making a diagnosis. I would recommend that you consult an internist to get a thorough workup since there are many causes for fatigue= both physiologic and psychologic.
301469	I have an itchy throat and ears..And it kinda hurts to swallow..Im constebtky sneezeing and coughing too any ideas?	2 possibilites Your symptoms are non specific but they could represent an infectious issue vs an allergic issue. Based on your symptoms i would lean towards an allergic cause. You can always try an over the counter antihistamine (non-drowsy) and see if your symptoms improve. If they don't improve you should see an ENT doctor in order to address all these issues at once.
1234794	Lower right abdominal pain, can't sleep/walk/stand straight, lost appetite, nausea, vomiting, fever, can't put pressure on it, trouble breathing, what to do?	See a Doctor. Now. You may have appendicitis.
939696	Hav aracnoid cyst in left temp lobe can this cause episodes of extrem pain on right side of body which move left and when stops leaves whole body weak?	See your physician See a neurologist or neurosurgeon they will be able to help knowing your history and see the current exam and images.
674786	When i can do regular exercise like walking and climbing steps after a successful lap-myomectomy?(small fibroids 3*3cm submoucs & intramural-fundal)	Surgeon Surgeon dependent but likely maximal recovery could be around 3-6 months. ... Usually your body will let you know when you're ready.
795223	My almost 21 mo old is sneezing and has watery eyes much like my older kids' allergies. Is a smaller dose of Claritin okay for her? It's bad day/night	Get checked See your pediatrician . He may have a cold instead . Allergies at this young age unlikely ,
6757254	I have a strange tingling/burning/numbing sensation on the entire top left half of my head that is really uncomfortable. What could this be?	Migraine What you are describing sounds most like a migraine headache. Please see your healthcare provider if it persists or worsens
727419	Feeling uneasyness in heart right side of cheast also on back side lost of a weight nd fatigueness done ECG chest xray CBC all normal?	Further Evaluation with your physician is recommended.
1067400	My acne is going away, but I have quite a few red marks on my face. Are there any quick and easy treatments to help get rid of them?	No The red is the new blood vessels bringing nutrients to heal your damaged skin. Don't try to interfere.
164378	My period is 12 days late im usually 4 r 5 , but never this late. Cramps, nausea, dizzyness, slight headaches, loads of white discharge , and backache?	Need pregnancy test Your symptoms could be from early pregancy or an ovarian cyst. If the symptoms are severe, see your obgyn and get a pregnancy test and consider a pelvic ultrasound.
600024	Seeing neurologist, had CT scan, seen ophthalmologist to rule out serious conditions. Any suggestions to help reduce lingering eye pain after migraine?	This could help With migraine (if it was in fact a migraine), an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, as they say. For now, getting some sleep, avoiding bright lights, loud sounds, nsaids may help, but if you're a migraine sufferer i think it's worth it to try to find your triggering factors (e.g., food allergies) and then having a method to stave them off asap, rx or otherwise.
644125	Bumps underneathe tongue, some red, some white like pimples, is it possible to have herpes and only have an outbreak underneathe the tongue ?	No Herpetic lesions are not likely to be limited to just under the tongue. Ulcers are generally self limiting and will resolve within 2 weeks. If they persist, or become too painful to function normally you can see a dentist to help evaluate and treat. They can have various causes. Of course the best way to know for sure is to simply go see a dentist for an exam. Best of luck, hope it's not too bad.
621158	I am having runny nose, cough, headache, fever and throat infection.  Does that indicate i've viral fever?	Yes Your symptoms are typical for a viral upper respiratory infection.
614330	My nipples have been very sore and my breasts very warm for the last 2 weeks. What could this be and should I see a doctor?I am 26 years old.	See the MD Do you notice more of the veins in your breasts ? If so, combined with the things you have described, i would consider if you may be pregnent. Maybe take a test to see. Either way, see your md.
1182869	Can lung nodules be caused from inflammation and cause shortness of breath and chest pain comes and goes no coughing. Cancer ruled out already?	Yes Even outright pneumonia can look like separate lung nodules if they are patchy. Inspissated mucous plugging certain airways can also look like nodules and the inflammation can cause pleuritic pain. Treat the current condition with antibiotics if needed and expectorants to make coughing easier and if needed steroid to decrease inflammation.
718763	I been trying to get a pregnant for 5 months now I have inregluar periods two times this year.Have bad pain ans tender breast?Missed my regular date?	Pregnant? Get home test kit from friendly pharmacist and test yourself. If persistently negative over 2 weeks, see an obstetrician.
1306107	I feel like the pepto bismol didn't help in any way for my indigestion and heart burn. I think my stomach hurts worse. Is there a reaction going on?	No, but see a doctor Peptobismol is very safe. It would be very unusual to have a reaction to it. However, it is more likely you have a stomach problem that is not helped by the pb. Please see a doctor.
6613887	hard yellow lump under skin on both feet before and it went away now it's back on the left foot and it hurts to walk , also on thumbs like callus. ,?	Hard toe lumps These limps can be warts; sometimes they look yellowish and other times they look like they have small dots in it. If you pinch it, does it hurt/ Warts usually hurt with the pinch test. Calluses do not. See a Podiatrist and have them checked out.
1177614	I have abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, vomit, for the last four years. Why, what to do?	Gastroenterologist You have already waited a lengthy time. See a GI specialist ASAP. Hope this will resolve.
1045711	Red spot on left breast almost on the areola. Just appeared 2 days ago. Tender to touch, itches and alittle warm. Could it be a bug bite? Or see a dr?	Possible bug bite Could be bug bite or folliculitis. If it gets worse or begins to hurt see your doctor. You could be seeing early signs of mastitis (inflammation of the breast).
571297	I have small red bumps around my vagina and it's itching and burning what does that mean?	Infection? This amy represent yeat infection or other vaginal infection. See gyn for exam and culture.Ypu could try over the counter gyn lotrimin and see how well it works for you.
1486904	21w pregnant.Vagina feels sore, swollen,irritated,no discharge,barely itching.Vaginal culture showed no sign of BV, yeast or STDs. What could this be?	Here are some ... After ruling out all those from the outside sources, it 's time to think about if there are some factors from the owners themselves such as chemical agents & physical acts used & applied for sex. Lining up such sequence of events will help figure out what might cause what. If not as expected, ask the Doc for detailing & counseling. Best wish ...
1464854	Persistent 1.4x1.5cm lymphnode in armpit. Mild Muscle soreness in upper arms & mid back near rib area. Seems to come & go. I'm 18 lymphoma?	Not likely Are there any lesions on your hand or arm? The node may be responding to some infection in the limb. If it persists for more than three months, it would be prudent to see your doctor.
6614358	Rbc 4.7, MCV 80,hct 37.6,mch 26.6,mchc 33.2,hgb 12.5, WBC 7.7,rdw 15.2, MCH and mchc & RDW improved  after a weeks iron supplement, should i continue?	Depends. There is no right and wrong anwers, Clinical practice varies by physician. Duration of iron therapy depends on your goal of therapy. If you just want to normalize your Hb, you can stop iron pills when your Hb becomes normal. If you want also to restore your iron store, you probably should stay on iron pills for additional 3-6 months. I prefer restoring both Hb and iron store.
773443	There is a rash appeared under my lip and its not itching, pain, or anything. I went to the doctor the other night and drew blood but nothing found?	Not if it goes away. We see stuff like this all the time. Unfortunately is difficult to know that exact cause. If its not getting worse, i would wait a couple of weeks. If it resolves i would not worry about it.
1435540	What could be the cause of my shortness of breath had for 2 months started from a sore throat Chest X-ray clear had prednisone a inhaler didn't help ?	Consider heart valve You need a cardiac wort up with an EKG and an ECHO asap
820815	3 months post partum. Really weird menstrual cycles. Currently 1 wk late (-ve pregnancy test), last period came 2 weeks early. Hhx of ovarian cysts.	As above Irregular period , can be very common . If continue try to see u gynecologist.
950606	How useful is total joint replacement in case of chronic ankylosing spondilitis? Best remedy/suggestions to deal with chronic ankylosing spondilitis	Very worthwhile Replacement is excellent for pain relief. Range of motion is not as good as other diagnosis. Current technology may allow for lifetime implant longevity. It is no longer appropriate for young patients to wait until they are older.
394289	Recently I have had sexual intercourse and now I've been seeing a white colored discharge. What could this be? The discharge smells like medicine.	If If your sexual intercourse was very recent, this could be from the intercourse itself, with a combination of sperm and mucous. If your intercourse was more than 3 days ago, it could represent an infection, either sexually or non-sexually transmitted. If you used a condom it is unlikely to be sexually transmitted. You should be seen for this and have cultures taken to be sure you don't have an acute infection. Please be seen for this. If you have pain, fever, or vomiting then you would have to be seen as an emergency.
6737399	Sore throat that make me cough with two lymph nodes swollen one started about 4 years ago and now my other side swelled up like a pea and been coughing alot after eating. not sure what to do. i'm scared it cancer. i do have pimple like sores on thead but	Cancer unlikely It is not feasible to provide a meaningful opinion without taking additional history, physical examination and may be some tests. It would be prudent to see your doctor.
1012209	Why do I get pain in my hip when i lie on it for a long time and why do I get shooting pains in my leg behind the knee?	Have consult with Chiropractioner or physical therapist.
1346653	My friend took antibiotics for chlamydia but threw up about a half an hour later is that gonna effect her treatment?	Remains untreated Antibiotics need 2B taken again or else a different antibiotic needs 2B prescribed otherwise chlamydia remains untreated.
6729170	Volar toe redness, distal phalanx both long toes, also swollen, nail normal. One sore. Presume mechanical irritation. Any other suggestions?	Without Seeing your toes you did mention swelling and soreness . ....so it is possible there is mechanical irritation but other possibilities could include infection.
1120602	The sole of my feet are peeling and itching and dry. What is best to put on this?	? Dermatologist You may have a dermatologist off your feet so i would see a dermatologist.
1469363	Numb patches on one foot and muscle twitches including in the eye.Concerned about MS but had normal brain and neck MRI and clean emg.Anxiety?	Well now... This being HealthTap and not a doctor's office, you won't get an answer to what it IS, but normal MRIs pretty much rule out MS and a normal EMG/NCS rules out a large-fiber neuropathy. Not everything our bodies do has a precise name or explanation. Sometimes you have to take the practical approach: If it goes on for 1-3 yr without change or anything else developing, it's probably benign.
676176	I have been having white discharge, nausea, dizziness, headache and cramps on my abs. I also missed my period. The test kit is negative. Am i pregnant?	Unlikely If the test is negative, i doubt it. You could test again to be sure.
257737	If I have a lump in my breast about the size of a pea, how can I tell if it is cancer?	See a breast surgeon Self-examination definitely helps finding cancers but can be very difficult, since most women have "lumpy, bumpy" breasts; breast examination supplemented by ultrasound is the best way to distinguish the two. Other studies including mammography, or even MRI may sometimes be helpful. Ultimately, the only way to be certain is by tissue biopsy, which can almost-always be done under local anesthesia.
6667693	Yes I have a burning when I pee and a white/yellow discharge coming from my penis! I know it's not a std though! Can you help?	Have it checked out Though a UTI has symptoms such as burning or itching, not everyone with a UTI will exhibits these symptoms; some may have less common symptoms such as increased frequency , bladder fullness or flank pain. Go to your primary care doc or your urgent care center for an evaluation.
905888	I have neck pain from around 3years, elbow, shoulder, back pain wrist from 2y.I took a check had negative RA factor, hla b.Normal thyroid and cbc?	Neck pain You may need to have an MRI of the neck to see if you have a herniated disc.
6645478	Have frequent headaches. I take excedrin often. How can i tell if its a rebound headache or a migraine? Throb pain on left temple and head side.	CDH vs rebound HA The diagnosis must be confirmed by observing that the intensity of the headache significantly lessens after a period of complete abstinence (usually one month) from the medications in question. See a headache specialist for proper diagnosis and treatment options.
1483420	MRI shows bilateral foraminal stenosis at L4-L5. My doc says it's nothing. Could this be the cause of all my lower back and leg pain?	Partly Foraminal stenosis normally cause nerve impingement which cause the feeling of burning, sharp pains, numbness and tingling sensations normally found in the area of that nerve distribution. Legs, toes in essence sciatica. With regards to your lower back pain, this is most likely due to trauma due to excess weight/ wear & tear, blunt trauma, misuse etc. To improve back pain, strengthen abd. muscles.
399705	Should i be worried? After playing soccer, i started feeling dizzy, then at least thirty minutes later i started feeling rapid beating in my chest but it was not my heart, then i got the chills. I have gone to the e.R three times and to a heart specialist	Hello. Hello. I wouldn't say not to worry yourself because obviously, you are very bothered by your symptoms. Since the doctors you have seen indicated that the episodes were likely panic attacks, this would be a good place to start. With panic attacks, you can become very anxious. You may have shortness of breath and feel chest tightness or pain. Often the heart rate is rapid and the heart beat may be pounding. Nausea is not uncommon. There can be tingling of fingertips or around the lips. You may get lightheaded or dizzy. You may feel like you need to get out of where ever you are at or fear that you are about to die. Panic attacks won't kill a person but they can be horrible. A panic attack is nothing to be embarassed about. It is just as much a medical problem as an ulcer or a broken leg. I am not diagnosing you. If that is what it is, it is treatable. Consider seeing a psychiatrist - right now your symptoms are hurting you quality of life.I am glad that you wrote in. Take care.
6793592	I had an ultra sound that showed 4 stones 2 in each kidney all small enough to pass,3mm & 5mm. Later CT scan shows nothing. I did not find a stone while straining the urine. After CT scan (that night) I had excruciating pain in lower abdomen, that was aft	Your question is..? Often small stones break up into sand like particles and you won't see the stone. The severe pain was the stone passing.Once the pain is gone (and doesn't come back),it means the stone has passed into the bladder where it may break up or pass through the urethra which is painless.
1465812	Dizziness,uncomfortable feeling on left side of neck ear&head,numbness on lips and face and tongue,high pulse rate,fast heart beat.ECG normal.y?	Get checked have a neurologist check you out, especicially your left facial nerve. Numbess is a disconcerting symptom and requires appropriate evaluation.
373102	I am a 4 mile a day walker sometimes runner. Why would my thigh hurt from my hip joint down when i move my leg side to side? Walking doesn't hurt as bad as sitting or lying on my side or trying to lift my leg to roll over or slide into the car seat?	Hip bursitis Runners are a set up for a hip bursitis -- which is an inflammation of your iliotibial band over your greater trochanter. The other issue can also be a labral tear of the hip (i. e. A tear of your cartilage).
6788436	Lymph nodes on right groin removed both benign. Recent skin infection right groin now swollen lymph node left groin. related even though diff sides?	If you do not have cellulitis (skin infection) on left side, and your left groin nodes are inflamed, then you need to look to make sure you are not starting to get cellulitis or some other infection on that side. The clearance of lymph on each leg is distinct from one another, so they should not be related. If you continue to have enlarged lymph nodes, you need to see a surgeon for more biopsies.
863907	I was diagnose with strep teeth at the dentist what is this?, is this life threaten?, could that be reason why I have bilateral enlarge parotid gland?	Question vague Streptococcus mutans is an organism that can cause dental cavities. It is not life-threatening, and it is unlikely that this organism is causing parotid gland enlargement. You should discuss this with your dentist and if you do not get a clear response a visit to an ENT doctor might be helpful.
863901	Lately had a lot of bloating after a meal very bad gas, and runny stool all day long doesn't mater what i eat. Last four days bit of a cramp.	Gastroenteritis Sounds as if this was probably viral, but if you do not feel normal within a few days it could have been due to numerous different causes and you should see a doctor and undergo a full evaluation. Good luck.
716029	I started birth control in dec 2012 in which ihad the Depo-Provera shot. I missed the app to get my 2nd injection.  Is it possible to get pregnant still?	Yes If you missed the appointment for the 2nd injection and you aren't currently on any form of birth control (pills, etc. ), then yes, it is absolutely possible to get pregnant. The depo shot only lasts for 12 weeks, so if it's been longer than that, you need to use a backup until you see your doctor.
1366550	How long can one stay on clonazepam 3mg ive been on for 3 years snd it works great for my GAD ive tried numerous antidepressants xanex ativan nothing!	Here's A Thought How about working on fixing or curing or solving the problem? Three years of just numbing up or sedating the anxiety is not treating the cause of the problem. It is time to learn how to work on fixing and understanding and curing the problem. It is not life to go through your adulthood sedated every day.
1209358	I have 2 kidney stones in my right kidney. My urine has bubbles in it. I had CT scan, blood work up and urinalysis--all was good. Should i worry?	Kidney stones The significance of kidney stones is largely dependent on their position and their size. If the stones are small and reside in the kidney they can be watched for some time. When they become larger, treating them preemptively with eswl is recommended. Once they fall into the ureter they can cause severe ureteral colic and requiring ureteroscopy.
1259127	White painful  swelling on lower left extraction site after wisdom teeth removal 5wks ago. Seems to have come on recently. Is tender and swollen why?	Possible reinfection Please return to surgeon whe removed wisdom tooth for reexamination.
726436	Spotting before period, diarrhea, fatigue , nausea, stretchy cervical mucus, headaches,  decreased appetite,  sharp pains in stomach n breast, help...?	Complex Not at all sure that all these symptoms are necessarily related. Might help to see your pcp and discuss a full evaluation. Is there any chance you are pregnant? Might want to check using urine test strips from local pharmacy.
1405960	Swelling/pain in hands & where arm meets wrists,pain up forearm, elbow, back of arm,swollen spot top of shoulder, RA test -,started 1 yr ago,worried about deterioration,no rash,no warmth,some tingling?	Pain all over You might have Fibromyalgia which is a group of chronic pain disorders that affect connective tissues, including the muscles, ligaments , and tendons. The nerve is over active and causes this pain, cause is unknown. There are multiple medications to treat it. please see your doctor to r/o psoriatic arthritis.
1303014	What to do if I have slightly bent knees and i was adviced to visit an orthopedic doctor for insoles, how reliable is it?	Perhaps Treatment is typically reserved for deformity with symptoms/pain. It is hard to make an asymptomatic condition better
882088	Shortness of breath-ct lung, cta, chestx-ray- blood, enzyme chck-all norm GI doc put me on protonix & librax due 2 bloat/gas-athletic winded easy stress?	Shortness of breath Personally, i'd avoid benzodiazepines like librax/librium due to potential for addiction, not to mention altered mental status. Just make sure desired potential benefit is worth risk. Regarding shortness of breath, you didn't mention a stress test or pulmonary function test. Latter is really easy & noninvasive. Former isn't too difficult to do either. Both are function tests as opposed to anatomic.
1247667	Swollen tonsils sever cough sore throat due to horsed cough  weakness and drowsy what do I do?	See a doctor Sounds as if you might have strep throat and you should be examined, tested, and treated if necessary.
640669	Can i still get big muscles with sleep apnea, high blood pressure, and low testosterone? I am 18. And male.	Big muscles? Seek medical help to treat your sleep apnea and control your blood pressure. High blood pressure can be made worse by sleep apnea. Once all your medical conditions are stabilized and you are cleared for exercise by your physician, you can go ahead with muscle building exercises.
1415899	What do you suggest if my doctor told me to insert plain full fat yogurt into my vagina to fight a yeast infection, does this work?	PH You can also use a vinegar douche once daily to restore an acidic pH to your vagina. This helps balance the bacteria and yeast normally found in the post pubescent vaginal environment.
206497	How can I have tested negative for EBV (mono), but have the the symptoms?	You do not have it! Ebv infection will be serologically be positive within one week. Many other infections can mimic ebv.
1452625	My toe is paining me I had a ingrown toenail removed 10months ago bt the pain is still there I have had callus removed it was phenol applied ?	Residual infection can recur under the callous. This should be checked and reevalauted.
1065442	Is there any kind of cosmetic procedure or plastic surgery i can get for my teeth to show a little bit while my jaw is at rest?	Yes Depending upon what your mouth looks like ; what you are trying to accomplish. You need to meet with a dentist to discuss your treatment options.
919813	I had sex and 3 (all bit early) periods after it. The sperm came near vagina.I had negative preg. Test, but my urine was diluted. Can i be pregnant ?	Doubt it Probably not. If worried, redo pregnancy test with a first morning concentrated urine.
1544175	I'm pregnant, 17 weeks. Asked Dr today about things to take for a runny nose and congestion. He ok'd Claritin & Sudafed but can I take them together?	Take either not both As above
6671294	Have two swollen lymph nodes/lumps on my neck for years. No infections, possible cancer?	Most likely not Probably not in a person as young as you if 1) they are not growing, 2) they have been stable for years, 3) you don't have symptoms of fever, weight loss, etc. But get them checked - lumps near the midline can be related to thyroglossal duct cysts and those on the sides may be branchial cleft cysts - both congenital abnormalities that should be treated.
843245	I can see, but everything turns white...Sharp pains in heart..Numb/tingling all over...Mental confusion..Lethargy.  Should i go to ER when it happens?	Confusion Certainly!
1407529	I have a bump on my face , its red and it hurts to the touch , it also is shedding once in a while but looks like a pimple . ?	Probably Acne "Cyst" Arleen, This is probably an acne cyst, which is a ruptured, painful bump where an oil gland ruptured below the skin. The body walls this off and makes a filled cavity called a cyst. Often this is serious and can scar, so you should see a dermatologist for help. Possibly, an injection of the cyst with a dilute cortisone would help.
263987	35 yr old f stung before by bees, suddenly gets bad reaction to bee sting. Dizzy, shortness of breath, swelling & fever. Do I now need epipen?	Yes Yiu are having signs of an allergic reaction. This may be even more severe on reexposure. Please consult with your physician.
1369308	What to do if I have had MRI and shows dehidrated disk demonstrating mild left foraminal focal disk protrusion l4/l5 ?	MRI Speak with your doctor about whether this finding might be causing your symptoms, and go from there. It may or may not be.
1354088	What can cause light yellow vaginal discharge? Also sore vagina? STD tests all clear never had this before. Can long term abx be a cause?	Discharge You may have a bacterial vaginal infection and not a std infection. See your gynecologistfor bacterial cultures
1198630	Been getting rash every day over year now. Skin itches then i get a big red welt or tons of little bumps that sometimes form a line. Help! been to doc?	Allergist/skin doc First you may try taking an otc antihistamine up to 4 regular doses per day. If this problem fails to respond, persists or gets worse, then see a dermatologist or an allergist.
522434	For the last few weeks i've had the following: nausea, lightheaded, dizziness. Also some tingling in hands. What could this be? Should i see my dr?	Several things With symptoms this complex, you owe it to yourself to call your doctor to help you make sense out of them.
312711	I am a 51 year old woman 19 years ago i had surgery on the fallopian falopias, divorced and now i'm married and want to have a baby, my question is, a?	Consult fertility Dr You may want to discuss the issue with a fertility specialist to evaluate your options. Your risks of a down syndrome birth with any of your own eggs exceeds 1/12 and that must be added to any personal risks you have with any pregnancy.There are other options (donor ova) you can explore to lessen these risks.
6699115	Weird feeling in back of knee almost like hitting funny bone..tingling also. Radiates down to foot with pain in foot and sometimes calf also. What could this be? no swelling	Nerve injury You could have swelling that is pressing on the nerve and sending pain down your leg.
1273474	Can birth control cause pregnancy symptoms such as tiredness, nausea, and bloating? Been on them for 4 months first time using bc I am on the pill	Birth control Yes birth control pills can mimic pregnancy.
6702807	Psoriatic arthritis - can this cause heavy feeling in legs, swelling feet and stabbing pain behind knees?	Yes arthrittis means joint pains, swelling and tenderness, if you have these, and psodriasis, you probably have psosriatic arthritiw, methorexate, , azulfidine, and several biologics work, well, may need all
1040925	I had an ovarian cyst open surgery 2 years back and have 99-99.4 temp since then which makes me tired and body aches occur. Is it normal?	No You may have some other problem......Need to see pmd.
6654790	At least 1 half pea size bump on one testicle.  Only recently started checking. Can't remember if I've had associated pain. Had a facial cyst removed.	Testicular mass you need to be evaluated by a physician and get a scrotal Ultrasound asap.
521224	30yr with pins & needles for 3weeks now it started in left arm/hand then right side including feet. Now left side of face is tingling all the time.?	Neurologist Sounds like a quick trip to your local neurologist. Pins and needles can be anything from a pinched nerve to a transient ischemic attack ( mini pre stroke) don't mess around and have your symptoms evaluated.
1577813	Pain round vagina and pee hole. Few bumps, disappeared after 3 days no puss. Pubic area looks dry and wrinkled. Possible cause?	Ouch Have you ever had this before? Was there itching or tingling before the outbreak? It could be several things, but herpes is certainly on the list. This would start as tingling, then progress to redness and pain, followed by an outbreak of what looks like clear or amber colored vesicles. Have you had any new sexual contacts? Did you have any other symptoms, such as fever?
1389668	Xray:what is "sclerosis mid left sacroiliac joint"? It was noted at age 27, 5&7 yrs after 2 back injuries, with L&T-spine fxs. Is it trauma related?	Yes Sclerosis is a term related to old injury or scarring indiced by trauma.
1413331	I have sore boobs, nausea, diarrhea, and cramping. I had a 1 day period on 7/03. urine test neg. waiting on blood test. Am i pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
852331	4months post ACL surgery, hamstring autograft, 22yrs, badminton coach.Wat is good or bad pain cuz my top of knee sumtime pains doin exercises.	Sounds like... You may have some patellofemoral pain related to weakness in your quadriceps. Is typically normal as you rehabilitate you thigh and quad muscles back to normal strength. Can take 6 months.
397701	I get horrible headaches unlike the migraines that I have had in the past. I have been having these random headaches that are sharp stabbing pain in the left temple area accompanied by dizziness, fatigue and slurred speech. I am only 28 and strokes aren't	To To begin, strokes are not that common a cause of headache, although it depends a bit on what is meant by "stroke". The majority of strokes are "infarcts", death of brain tissue from loss of blood supply, and these more often than not are not associated with headache. The other major kind of stroke is hemorrhage, and those often have headaches, often sudden and severe. Other causes of severe headache with neurological deficits such as slurred speech or dizziness can include brain tumors, brain vascular diseases such as vasculitis or arteriovenous malformations, or even leaking aneurysms. You should definitely see a neurologist to be evaluated for the cause of your symptoms and signs, and promptly, as these may be warning signs of a serious but treatable condition which, left alone, could be disabling or even fatal.
6722187	Bloated, peeing a lot, swollen breast, period like cramps, headaches, no protection, could i be pregnant ?	See ans You could be due for periods or pregnant. Get a pregnancy test done. Get birth control if you don't plan on getting pregnant.
393880	Yellow vaginal discharge
missed period 2-3 days 
cramps on and off for 3 days
nausea on and off for 3 days i've been super stressed over personal matters and no I have missed my period and now i'm stressing over that. So i don't know if i'm pergnant or if	As As you are having yellow vaginal discharge and cramping, you need a pelvic exam to rule out infection. As you are concerned about pregnancy please take a test, and if you don't get your period in 2-3 days retake the test. But because of your cramping and discharge you do need an evaluation. If you develop pain, fever, or vomiting, then you would need to be seen as an emergency.
6714478	I had a shorter and lighter than normal period last week.  Ever since then I have had cramps, headaches, nausea, diarrhea, could i still be pregnant?	Not likely Probably not. Since you did still have somewhat of a period with bleeding and you are following up with typical period symptoms, I would be very very surprised if you were pregnant. I think the chances are very low. if, however, you end up having unprotected sex and miss you next period by a week or more, take a home pregnancy test and then reassess. Best wishes to you.
6777865	Hard pea sized lump next to shin bone, about half way down leg, quite close to a mole, slightly tender if pressed, moves slightly, what could it be?	Dermatofibroma See a dermatologist. Most likely it is a benign dermatofibroma, but there are other possible diagnoses. An exam, possibly a biopsy will be needed for the answer.
1412312	I am prescribed Celexa 40mg. , tramadol 100 mg. t.I.d. Isn't there a caution for serotonin syndrome?	Yes. It is a concern These two medications both increase the levels of serotonin available to the receptors on neurons. Too much serotonin then sends these neurons into "overdrive" causing hyper reflexivity, tachycardia, eventually fever, and hypertension that can lead to shock. Always takes medications under the supervision of a physician.
1572993	Stinging Sore throat for 2 1/2 days now and back of mouth area is red and it hurts to swallow No swelling only mild symptoms of common cold?	Viral pharyngitis If you have cold symptoms it is unlikely that you have strep throat. Is throat is quite sore and back of throat is significantly red go get a throat swab and culture.
282330	I get 1 medium sized flesh colored bumb every month, on 1 side of my vagina. Painless. Vaginal discharge. Only oral sex. I shave my pubic hair. Std?	Get a doc to look This sounds like an infected hair follicle but i would let a doctor look at it.
6792643	I'm 3 wks after period, and had unprotected sex the day I ended. I've been a little nauseous (but no vomiting) and getting heat flashes, little diarrhea, little cramps abdominal pain, and I kinda think a little bit more CM. could I possibly be pregnant or	Diarrhea/sex usually diarrhea is not a sign of pregnancy, but if you had unprotected sex would check HCG. Sounds like gastroenteritis , viral/ bacterial. May also be UTI. Rarely PID Would seek medical attention because UTIs/PID need to be treated and the diarrhea if with fever ( hot flashes) needs to be followed, may need antibiotics. F/U w/doc
1511688	Period 21 day late neg pregnancy test , kidney infection , cramps moody tired discharge , boobs swollen , any other thing that could be wrong?	Various... There are a few possibilities: An infection can definitely affect your periods, however with other symptoms that I don't think are caused by the kidney infection it is a good idea to have a blood pregnancy test. If still negative then labs for hormones might be needed. Make an appointment with your doctor to get evaluation and labs ordered.
834949	Red recurring pimple like mark on my forehead.Never goes away just appears less inflammed.No pus never comes to a head.Acne meds don't work.What is it?	Have it evaluated The history you give makes it sound like more than a pimple. See a dermatologist.
1231266	Xray - "straightened lumbar spine, likely secondary to muscle spasm. Mid lumbar scoliosis." what can you suggest for her? She's been having back pains	Back pain See a physical therapist for daily exercises.
834419	Urine test lab results show protein and blood in the tribe but no growth. His means its not. Bladder infection. What could the blood and protein be caused by?	Menstruation Urine taken during cycle any cause for vaginal bleeding tumor in bladder stone in urinary tract cancer in urinary tract.
1230793	If i got pregnant from contact 6 weeks ago it would show on a vaginal ultrasound right?Blood test hCG neg 6 weeks after, nothin on us def not preg?	Correct If you were pregnant from intercourse 6 weeks ago, then you would be 8 weeks along based on how we date a pregnancy. An ultrasound would show that you were pregnant and the test would definitely be positive.
1230792	What could cause a sore throat, swollen tongue, mouth sores, red bumps all over my tongue and the back of my throat and extreme fatigue besides strep.	Any other infection Most likely a virus but there are also other bacterial infections besides strep that can cause theses symptoms. If strep has been ruled out then i would watch for a couple days and if not improved return for a further work up.
869197	Sexually active march31.  Negative beta hCG june 25.  Ultrasound july 4 IUD copper good position, no sign of pregnancy.  Need to be 100% sure not preg?	Neg HCG=not pregnant Only way to be 100% sure that you are not pregnant is to avoid contact with semen in the vaginal area. Adding a condom to the iud would get you close to 100% protection. A negative HCG excludes a pregnancy until the next time you have sex.
601863	What is causes me to have sudden shocking like pain in my left mid chest area?  I've heard it can be normal but heart problems are common in my family	Not heart. Sudden shocking chest pains in an 18 yo male are very likely to be related to the musculoskelatal system and not the heart. Doesn't mean you shouldn't worry, but you can put that worry off for another 30 years. If your family hx is as bad as you say, might be reasonable to obtain a single cholesterol value to make sure you are not at any excess risk.
337025	Diarrhea 4 days, 2 of those with undigested food.
Occasional low fever, chills, body aches
fatigue, headach, stomach cramp/pain
?	See your doctor Symptoms like these are best deterimed by a thorough evaluation by your physician. Based on his/her findings, a treatment plan can be developed to help you.
1185672	Sore muscles in neck, shoulder, and back on rt. Side for 5 months. Can my body be out of alignment and what might be recommended ?	Could be strain or f Could be muscle strain/sprain or fibromyalgia. Rheumatologic workup should clarify.
1034937	I'm having itchy skin rashes, chills, swallon lymph nodes, nausea, low left stomach pain, fatigue body pain/joint pain hair loss, headaches, eye redness?	see a doctor Then you should see a doctor, have tests done and determine the cause of your symptoms.
1607679	I am getting bad tasting phlegm in my throat for the last 3 days. No cough, cold, sore throat or fever. What could be the reason?	Sinusitis Voice change? Point tenderness on forehead or under eyes? if so you need lots of liquids and a decongestant.
908455	I had 1mm of invasive dcis  and had lumpectomy, mastectomy and 13 nodes removed, tamoxifen. High estrodial, then bi.Ooph & arimidex is it excessive?	NO Lots of information missing , the results of the tests. If I have to guess had initial lumpectomy , later mastectomy was done most likely due to recurrence , ovaries removed to control skeletal metastasis, if it is true it is usual correct pathway to control aggressive tumor in 53 yr old , not true provide additional info, speak to oncologist , good luck if all neg , seek ii nd opinion.
1608155	I have had pretty significant swelling in my right breast, as well as a swollen lymph node under my underarm (I have swollen lymph nodes in my neck as well) for about 2 weeks now. Today, I saw a top breast surgeon and he looked at it, as well as my ultras	Info What did the surgeon say and what did the ultra sound show?
570589	Trying get pregnant was on Depo-Provera started regular bleeding period nd ovulated last month suppose to start period 1day when i wipe i see pink blood?	So your Supposed to have your period in 1 day and you see some blood now? Maybe your period isn't perfectly timed. Sounds like u r starting your period.
1396237	How u know when you are having a heart attack. I m 28 and worried.  Had the holter blood work EKG echo was fine but had a lot of sharp pain mid chest?	I wouldn't worry. You have had a pretty thorough cardiac work up for someone your age. Heart attacks, although possible are not typically seen at your age unless there are some genetic or other medical issues present. Heart attacks also typically aren't sharp pains, they are classically described as crushing with an inability to catch ones breath. Time to look for other things, reflux, anxiety, etc.
869108	I have pain on the right side of my palm wrist area radiating up my arm is this carpal tunnel ?	Carpal Tunnel Carpal tunnel presents on the thumb side of the hand, especially involving the thumb, index and middle finger with numbness and/or tingling, along with discomfort and sometimes weakness. It can radiate up towards the neck. Not sure about your case, but a simple exam should tell the story. Good luck.
6742025	Itchy breast period one day late. Pregnancy test was negative I am very stressed, could I be pregnant?	Repeat the test You may get a blood test for HCG which would be positive now if you are pregnant. Alternatively you could repeat the home test in a week, if you do not get a period by then. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully.
987941	Knee MRI shows 2.3 CM unspecific popliteal cyst with native fluid. Otherwise normal mri. I have severe pain. It gives out, locks, hurts all the time. ?	Painful knee? Unfortunately everthing that is painful does not show up on an mri. A 2-3cm popliteal cyst (bakers cyst) is usually not painful. I would suspect that you have either an articular cartilage injury or a meniscal tear that is not showing up on the mri. I would recommend another review of your MRI and consider some physicsl therapy. If that is not effective, a diagnostic arthroscopy may be an option.
1048360	If you have swollen lymph nodes (anywhere), would that mean that there is some sort of infection, which may cause a higher white blood cell count?	Enlarged node Lymph nodes often enlarge during an infection. As lymphocytes proliferate the lymph node expands. There is pain as the capsule stretches. The white blood cell count is often elevated during an infection.
515885	Am sure i don't have sleep apnea.  Am not overweight. Father.Mother.Brother also snore. . I have large tonsils could it be the reason. Treatments?	Maybe It is possible, but impossible to tell without a sleep study first. See a sleep physician.
1550829	I have raised, red, itchy patches of bumps under my arms and under my breasts. Can't afford a doctor. What steps can I take at home to help?	Unfortunately it needs to be examined before treatment can be prescribed
1188566	Having low back pain on one side, went to dr, urine test + for blood & high protein levels, CT scan for stones neg. Father died at 46 of renal ca.	See details. The ct scan would have shown evidence of a renal cell carcinoma so that is ruled out. The high protein is indicative of significant kidney inflammation. I would suggest seeing a nephrologist (kidney specialist) for an opinion.
1277040	What does it mean if a patient has IgM positive for dengue virus?	Dengue virus In the appropriate clinical scenario, a positive igm antibody test for the dengue virus indicates current or very recent infection.
509009	I just got my prescription for fluticasone propionate nasal spray and i want to know if i can take Advil congestion relief which has phenylephrine hci?	Yes Yes. No interactions.
6674751	Internal/ext hemorrhoid i was constipated a few days. Just went and noticed what looked like big red blood spots on my stool not in tissue worry?	Stay alert its normal to see some blood on tissue with internal hemorrhoids, if you had colonoscopy recently then get your constipation under control and see what changes. If never had colonoscopy or proper exam then see a doctor
1378393	2 months late 1 positive hpt 1 neg and 1 neg blood test had sex when gf was ovulating 2 months ago unprotected and she has symptoms of pregnancy/showi?	Time and technique Pregnancy tests done properly are quite accurate. You/gf may wish to re do the test, use first morning urine and follow the instructions in the kit carefully. If you still have doubts, GF should see her doctor for consideration of ultrasound examination.
340613	I have intermittent pain in the back of my knee when walking. What could it be . No lump, heat or redness?	Could be any thing See u pcp for evaluation and work up.
353671	Could blood clots cause throbbing in the legs?	YES It is an inflammatory process, which triggers a painful signal to your brain.
519195	Am 34 yrs with a lost of appetite, losing weight, with nausea and a painful swelling behind my knee up my leg and am losing weight?	Deserving You seem to be deserving of a thorough medical evaluation given your concerning symptoms. The swelling behind your leg may be worth imaging with a ct scan or MRI and if the mass is suggestive of a tumor (sarcoma), then additional scans of your lungs and a biopsy would be in order.
75830	I have a fast resting heart rate and low blood pressure.  Does this mean my heart is not efficient?  Could I have heart trouble  valve or myopathy?	? POTS Although there is very little other information, you could possibly have paroxysmal orthostatic tachycardia syndrome. The increase in heart rate would in particular occur upon standing. This can be accompanied by associated decrease in blood pressure - with lightheadedness, fatigue, excessive thirst. If chronic, can prompt cold extremities, shortness of breath, headache, restless sleep, GI symptom.
358290	Ultrasound was negative. Still have upset stomach and pain under right ribs. Could it be gallstones? Doctor thinks, it's not the gallbladder. But what	Could be GB Sludge or gravel can still cause partial gb obstuction; this is diagnosed with a hepato-biliary scan. Ask your doctor about this and other tests.
1200831	Having numbness, tingling , head ache, dry mouth, shivering. Tired, forgetfulness , confusion, insomnia?	Many Possibilities Your symptoms may be caused by a number of possible conditions. Lack of quality sleep can produce most of what your experiencing and i would begin with working with a certified sleep specialist first. Best regards!
489760	Ana test was positive took lupus test it was a 5, but still having pains, numbness, tingling in hands, feet arms, and legs told fibromyalgia ?	Sounds like FM ANA is often "positive" but not clinically useful until it gets to positivity at 1:320 or 1::640 level. Diagnosis of lupus would have to have a compatible clinical syndrome first and supporting labs tests second. Your symptoms sound more typical of fm than sle.
1450194	I used to have sick white discharge from my vagina,white plaques.Now there's also white liquid.really itches me and my anus.is this yeast infection?	Possibly Why don't you go to urgent care and they will tell you whats happening
404262	If mra showed abi on right dorsalis pedis is zero before surgery should doctor freak out after aortic bypass surgery o again then he does a r ileofemarol thrombolectomy and a intraoperative angiogram and a r distal pop-tibial exposure then a r greater sap	Complex Complex situation. If abi 0 pre aortic surgery, and post-op, would expect it to be 0. Rest of procedures done to enhance blood flow to tibial vessels to improve distal runoff. Cannot speculate as to why you are a "cripple".
1594271	My friend has kidney stones and may have to have them surgically removed. Is it possible that the surgery could cause infertility?	Not likely While having surgery may interrupt a single cycle, it is unlikely to cause infertility especially for renal stone surgery. The exception might be if the surgery results in some sort of renal failure.
633742	I have been on azithromycin for 3 days now for a sinus infection. I have no congestion but I have bad headaches between my eyes and back of neck. Norm?	NOT NECESSARILY It would be unusual for you not to be congested, and you simply may not be aware of it because the pain is overwhelming some sensations. Use a nasal saline rinse with a neti-pot and a decongestant. If you have fever or the headaches worsen, have nausea, sensitivity to light or difficulty moving your neck see a doctor asap. Go to er. Do not wait.
6754192	Sever joint pain, knees back wrists elbows n hands both sides w/severe muscle weakness n numbness from shoulders to finger n in toes. Ck is 335 ra-?	Maybe It is impossible to answer without being able to examine the joints and have access to necessary lab results. Have you seen a rheumatologist?
1396587	Ttc period comes 10 of this month experiencing,  nausea, white cm, lower abdomen cramps no appetite never experienced could I be pregnant?	Do a pregnancy test and find out. Doctors don't guess.
6742247	Dr found bone lesion on knee month ago but so their not worried and to follow up in 6 mths. Having knee pain. What could this be? Bone cancer a poss?	Your duty to ask It's your right and your responsibility as a 21st century health care consumer to know what your imaging study showed and what the implications are. If it's classic Osgood-Schlatter's, cancer risk is zero. Otherwise, get the radiology report and see what you can learn.
396075	What do I need to do and what is wrong? Coughing up food and blood sore throat slight fever often light headed sometimes dizzy sometimes tight chested	It It sounds like you most likely have an infectious process. You need to be seen immediately if you are having fever, coughing up blood, and feel dizzy with a tight chest. Please see your doctor or go to the er immediately for your symptoms.
1347224	117 Lipase and 133 Amylase for 27 year old healthy female. Is that normal now? Ercp pancreatitis over a month ago	Yes You would need to see the reference range for your lab to be 100% certain, but at my institution, those are in the normal range. Lipase, by the way, is now the preferred way to monitor the pancreas.
278804	Severe abdominal pain left upper. Kidney stone in kidney in CT but not counted as source of pain. Bloody stool. No infection in urine or blood work?	Bloody stool Is very concerning for some form of colitis, either ischemic or inflammatory or infectious and certainly malignancy needs to be considered. Each of the above requires immediate evaluation, diagnosis and treatment. Do not delay!
668094	Is there a good homeopathic treatment for kidney and gallbladder stones?	Kidney stones Water helps prevent kidney stones.
392752	How likely am i to be diagnosed with ms? I originally went to the doctor for numbness and tingling in my hand and foot and have gotten severe pain in my opposite arm and hip on two occasions.  One white spot was found on my brain mri, minor degenerative c	I I applaud your desire to have information before you arrive to the appointment. A few questions would be helpful. Did you ever have symptoms in the past? Any involvement of your eyes? Was the positive CSF oligoclonal bands or elevated igg index? The information you presented best fits with a monsymptomatic presentation as defined by the mcdonald's criteria which was designed to define those individuals who are likely to develop ms. To secure the diagnosis you would need another clinical event or a change in your MRI after 3 months. They will probably want further testing including veps (visual evoked potentials) or oct (optical coherence tomography). The lab evaluation will include an ana, b12, folate, esr, vitamin d panel and routine labs. They may also want a MRI of the thoracic spine if the exam suggests spinal cord involvement. Good luck and well wishes.
1216349	23 y.O. Female with left side headache (just started) mild left eye pressure felt in ear, jaw and back left side of neck. Aneurysm? I'm scared.	Unlikely I am guessing you have a close friend or relative who actually had a diagnosed aneurysm. These are rare, especially at your age. You more likely have some viral process or some other cause like projected pain from arthritis, or a toothache. Wait a day or two and then see your family doctor if the symptoms persist.
1483972	Can touching a skin wart and then touching the genitals cause hpv?	Warts are caused by viruses, and yes they can spread by direct contact. But there are different kinds of viruses. You skin wart caused by a different type of virus than a genital wart virus.
6772780	I had my uterus an cervix removed in 2012 robotically     but i have both ovaries im not sexually active i have vaginal bleeding all the time why?	Get checked Things may not have healed well at the top of the vagina where the cervix was, or it could be something more serious. It is definitely not normal and needs to be looked at.
6751541	What is the best type of shoe to wear to work (I stand all day) if I have chondromalacia pain? I get knee pain after stand/sit for long time, & stairs	See details Any shoe with a good arch support.
1006808	Why did my doctor put me in an imoblizer after knee microfracture knee surgery. What is it helping? I'm also toe touch weight bearing.	To rest the knee & - The ttwb is also to protect the knee joint surfaces, since microfracture procedure was done. Your knee needs to be rested to allow the healing to occur. If you don't do as you are advised you'll end up with a bad outcome. Keep doing what you were advised by your surgeon, as only he knows what was there and what was done for it.
1595279	I regularly get very intense cramps and diarrhea at the start of my period every month. What can I do to minimize the cramping and diarrhea?	Period cramps The best 1st option is high dose ibuprofen. The sooner you take it, the better it works so don't wait for things to get worse. Dose is 800mg every 8 hours for up to 3 days. Take with food or it can upset your stomach. Do not take if you have a history of gastritis or stomach ulcers or were otherwise told not to take ibuprofen. If this doesn't work, seek help. It will probably help the diarrhea too
809077	Lmp: apr18-19, almost 1wk having sore breasts, mild cramps(mostly leftside) and lower backpain.Negative hpt 2 consecutive weekends.Can be pregnant?	Pregnant? See your friendly pharmacist and purchase an inexpensive urine test strip kit. If negative, test again in 7-14 days. Good luck.
376085	When i urinated there was a lot of blood.  I went to the ER and had ultra snd.  Put on antibiotics which cleared up the urine. The ultra sound showed nothing out of the ordinary on the kidneys or the bladder and the anitbiotics cleared up the urine within	UTI Sounds like you had a urinary tract infection wich damaged a superficial artery in your bladder, this has the technical term of hemorrhagic cystitis.
678247	My mom passed away due to liver cirrosis & hepatitis b, hepatitis e. My dad also has hep b. Do i stand chance? I have the vaccinations done.	No you will not You have been vaccinated and are protected against hepatitisb. So you do not have toworry.
1041173	After 11 days of cold symptoms,  I have a sore throat, laryngitis and a low grade fever.  Signs of secondary infection?	Worsening Significant worsening of symptoms after you appear to be on the upswing.
69190	I had an ultra sound today and was told I have an hernia in the abdomen,  right side low near groin. Is surgery usually necessary to repair? I	Maybe Although most inguinal (groin) hernias get repaired - and hernia repair is one of the most common operations in the US - there are numerous medical studies that show that many hernias can be watched closely and repaired only if symptoms require it. Talk with your doctor - if you are having symptoms or your work and/or activities are limited by the hernia, you should probably have it fixed.
851574	Been checked for STDs negative please help have a gooey kind of discharge yellow/white pain during intercourse tiny bit of itching nd frequent urination?	Sounds like... It sounds like you have an std and a uti. What stds were you tested for? (there are twelve common stds) is there any odor? Does the urine burn? Does your physician know you have all of these symptoms?
6734849	Sore throat and discharge stuff coming from tonsils. noticed I have a tic tac size blood blister attached to my tonsil, dizzy,fever. What could it be?	Could be strep! You may have strep throat. Please get checked today. Make sure you are tested for it. A rapid test, if negative, needs to be confirmed by a strep culture though, as they can have false negatives 1-3 times out of 10 (depending on the test). If you don't treat some kinds of strep infections, you can have serious consequences (rheumatic heart disease, for one). So go see a doc today!
6682011	Hi there. I've had a swollen tonsil, red throat, and and difficulty swallowing and breathing for the past 6 weeks.	See doc soon. You need direct exam to exclude a mass or infection which appears to be interfering with your upper airway.
1360264	I have two big blister like pumps on my ankle this isn't then first time its happened. Its leaking clear fluid. It burns and also it itches an red?	Dermatitis . The skin blisters you seen could be a contact dermatitis. Could be eczema. It could be also sometimes reaction to poison ivy. It is difficult to come to a diagnosis from a few information like this. I recommend you see a dermatologist or your primary care doctor
1528585	Im having some sharp pains in lower left abdomem. Around uterus area im guessing. Feels like someone is stabbing me in the uterus. Not time for period?	See a GYN MD I would be "guessing" to give you an answer as to what's causing this without an examination. See a GYN MD soon.
1366312	I have had head aches 4 a week and I've been getting heart burn on and off and now im getting dizzy spells what could cause that?	?stress Assuming you're otherwise healthy, you sound stressed out. A health check with your doctor may be reassuring to be sure you have nothing else going on but headaches are treatable with simple analgesics and there are many good medicines available for heart burn too. Try to keep your meals small but more frequent (if needed) and don't eat anything for the last 4 hours before you go to bed.
1005136	Vomiting diarrhea fever dizzy will i go to hospital?	Maybe If symptoms persist for more than 24 hours then you may become dehydrated and yiou should go to a hospital.
1234967	Woke to ache in left breast/chest.Shoulder blade pain later.Then stabbing pain from shoulderblade through to breast. Muscular?Nerve?Cardiac?Fear of mi	Pain The pain description sounds musculoskeletal. If you have cardiac high anxiety, you should have a discussion with your doc about your cardiac risk factors and do your best to minimize them to minimize your risk.
1593655	Can an US detect scar tissue at all? (Scrotal testicles) also, is orchitis very noticeable on an US even when it's JUST starting?	Ultrasound might be able to detect scarring, but the appearance is not specific. The ultrasound should be able to pick up signs of early orchitis.
376227	Tingle in right hand and finger tips, sharp pain in neck area when i lower my head also pain in elbow joint and shoulder blade all on right side.	Cerivical radiculiti Sounds like you have a herniated disc or pinched nerve in your neck. Reproduction of the pain and numbness while bending your neck to the affected side is called a positive "spurling's sign". Your shoulder blade pain is also characteristic of this. Would start with some otc antiiflams and if pain persists or weakness develops in hand or numbness persists would seek attention.
903786	I have a shoulder separation in 3 weeks .It improved a lot.I stopped wearing sling.Since yest.Its throbbing at times and& some movements are sore.	It depend What grade that separation is, some grade three some it take longer time to heal and may need surgery.
1199917	I have chrons disease in the past 2 years i been getting this red rash on my penis head I am not circumcised.  White discharge?	See answer Some degree of white discharge is normal in uncircumcised males and jrepresents the normal secretions (aka smegma) that occur from the sebaceous glands of the penis. If discharge is heavier than normal and/or associated with redness or irritation, then likely due to a yeast/fungal infection (more common in diabetics). Good hygiene, a topical antifungal cream and/or oral Fluconazole will resolve.
1223481	Unprotected sex 6 days ago sore breasts red bumps on areola dark nipples and cramping but started period 2 days ago. Any chance of pregnancy?	Not likely If period started then not likely pregnant unprotected sex just 6 days ago is not likely to show pregnancy that early.
504995	I have a sharp pain in my chest above my right breast and towards the centre. The pain comes and goes. I also have slight neck ache and shoulder ache.?	Uncertain Nonspecific symptoms have multiple possibilities from stress to structural problems of nerves, muscles, tendons or bones. Sorting it out requires evaluation by a physician.
6633319	My throat has been dry and a bit sore for 2 weeks. Slight blood in the mornings. It started after unprotected, rough oral sex. I'm worried I might have caught an std/throat cancer? It's dry/bit sore.	Get tested If you have had unprotected oral sex, then there is a real possibility of a STD. You should definitely be tested. Don't worry about throat cancer which is extremely unlikely in a woman your age. It is most likely related to the sex, but even very rough oral sex should not cause soreness that lasts for 2 weeks. Get checked, get treatment if needed, feel safe, protect yourself in the future.
1473597	I got bit by a spider three times it's a bump that is red hot and hard I have a headache but nothing else should I go ER it itches so much too help!	Local reaction You are having a reaction to the spider venom. Try benadryl for the itching and redness. If the redness begins spreading, you develop fever, or the center turns black, see your doctor or go to the ER as you may need antibiotics. Hope this helps!
1404372	Light brown/ pink discharge for 4 days no smell...nausea..tired..negative pregnancy test..period is due in three days am I pregnant?	Maybe It is possible. You can try to take a home pregnancy test after you have missed your period. If it's negative and you're still concerned, test again in 2-3 days...or go to the doctor for a blood test. Another possibility for your symptoms could be an infection. See your doctor if the symptoms persist.
6701653	Had arm ache, jaw and chest pains for months now, doctors say it's not my heart but I still live in fear every day, any advice?	Anxiety Your symptoms are suggesting anxiety/ panic disorder. Talk to your doc about your fears and the best plan of action.
1437865	Small pimple like bump on vagina lip. White tip not painful and squeezed white stuff came out of it ?	Prob. Sebaceous cyst Often small pimple like areas on the vulva that can be sebaceous cysts and they don't require treatment. The white discharge can resemble cottage cheese. If there is any redness or persistent mass or discharge, a visit to the primary MD is in order
6621639	What it's mean if skin biopsy for small fiber neuropathy is normal in feet but not in hips?	Can't conclude much Except to say that whatever area they cored out from your feet didn't show evidence of changes in the skin, nerves, or muscles that could be classified as "neuropathic changes" whereas in the hip area they were able to make the call. A clinician looks at the whole picture, your symptoms, the physical examination, & lastly, biopsy results. You still may have foot neuropathy though test is NEGATIVE.
1158068	I have a burning tingling pain right side towards my back and hip it comes and goes my stomach hurts.I went to the hospital took blood and urine, uti?	See a neurologist There may be pinching of nerves in your low back. You will probably need MRI and EMG tests.
6647429	I am suffering from running nose from 3 days and now slight fever, slight body and head ache. what might be its cause?	A cold Sounds like the average common cold. It's nothing to worry about unless it doesn't clear up after 7-10 days. Good luck.
1441504	Having chest pains and vomiting. Had an ekg, cbc, and d dimer done last week and come back normal. Echo done last year and was normal. Heart attack?	No Highly unlikely in light of your normal tests, age, and gender. You may want to look into a GI source of your pain.
1447216	I have anemia, B12 deficiency, hypothyroidism, Vitamin D deficiency  and I am experiencing neuropathy.  No one can pinpoint why I have neurapathy?	B12 deficiency Vtiamin B12 deficiency causes neuropathy. This may be the main cause in your case. Hypothyroidism sometimes influences nerve health. When these conditions are treated, see if your nerves recover.
6791524	I have a loss of appetite, missed period, negative pregnancy test(2), brown discharge & nausea...is this normal?	How old are you? We need to know your age, too. Please put it in your public profile. We cannot answer questions from minors. Put your country or state, too. Age and location, and gender, can affect our answer, since some conditions are more likely in different places or in different age groups. Be honest! You expect if of us, and we expect it of you, too!
548449	Why would my pulse be 127. Per dr records it has been running like 110 the last ten months. My blood pressure is fine. I do believe I have bad anxiety?	Pulse rate Your pulse can respond to exercise, anxiety, medications, dehydration, thyroid problems, heart arrhythmias, and many other things. You could also be anxious in the doctor's office, where you got the 110 pulse rate multiple times. If it's now sustained at 127 at home, and you have not been using medications or exercising, please contact your physician for a fuller evaluation.
6746495	Can yeast infections have yellow discharge rather than the cottage cheese like discharge that is most commonly known? Also no itchiness or burning.	Infection? STD? The main vaginal yeast symptom is itching/irritation. If any discharge (only half the time), it is correct that thick/white ("cottage cheese") is typical. Colored discharge (yellow, greenish, etc) is typical for a bacterial infection. An STD (gonorrhea, chlamydia, trichomonas) is a good bet, but of course only if sexually active. In any case, you need to see a doctor about it. Good luck!
6747019	I'm having heart palpitations. Anxiety is acting up I'm on busprione. No previous heart conditions. Is there a way to stop them?	Anxiety and Buspar Buspar may not be an effective enough med for significant anxiety. Recommend you talk to you doctor and explain what effect and side effects you are getting. Buspar is not a popular med because it's effects may be too subtle if you have serious anxiety. Please also remember the long term answer for most anxiety is to see a Psychologist expert in treating anxiety and trauma--look for someone EMDR
1489443	Migraines, sore swollen soles of feet, no appetite, endep 10 for pain in bladder/frequency. Sore joints feet are very sore, arthritis? What blood test	See your MD you will need a variety of blood tests including CBCcounts chemistries arthritis blood tests such as a rheumatoid factor, send it to anybody, but the most important part of your evaluation is the examination
1447219	Light period lasting roughly 12 hrs. Bright red watery.No clots. Breast tenderness nausea diarrhea and severe headache. Hpt neg. What could it be?	Potentially migraine The symptoms you describe are not unusual for a menstrually associated migraine. In many women the shedding of the uterine lining can wax and wane, you may start to bleed again soon. if you recently started a hormonal birth control or had an IUD placed, that will affect the length and quality of your mentrual bleeding. That said, Sexually transmitted infection is always a concern.Consider GYN eval
399571	Could my bowel problems be related to my endometriosis? I get horrible cramps and  diarrhea every month when I have my period. Is this a side effect of having endometriosis?  

.	Some Some women do get cramps and diarrhea with their period for unknown reasons, and it is not necessarily related to endometriosis. It may be related to hormonal effects on water retention and the bowel. However some women do get "endometriomas" which implant on the bowel, which is tissue from the uterus that has escaped the uterus and is on the lining of the bowel. This can often be treated with hormonal treatment, but in rare cases surgical intervention can be necessary.
799498	Had 7 and a half drinks during the night  i had very bad diarrhea was like water and vomited once now i fell naushes and sore stomach what's wrong ?	U poisoned yourself! What is wrong is you had 7 1/2 drinks. That amount of alcohol is toxic- you have poisoned yourself and your body is reeling from the effects and trying to tell you as clearly as it can to never drink that much again! you will feel better in a day or 2. Try to have some fruits and vegetables, get rest, maybe take some b vitamins, perhaps tulsi tea, homeopathic nux vomica 30c.Learn from this!
1342778	What to do if I'm 9th day late on period. last month had Clomid and overidrel shot a.took 2 hpt test but neg ,sore breast. am I pregnant?	Maybe you would need to do a pregnancy test to confirm pregnancy.
391113	What do you think i have? My scalp looks like the gray patch ringworm at times there has been sores like a rash or a pimple. Also, black little nits like a fruit fly maybe? I feel itchy with scalp, hair feels different like it is nappy in spots, also hard	From From your description, you may have ringworm of the scalp which is actually caused by a fungus, not a worm. Of course, without examining you and sending cultures, i cannot tell for sure what it is. A fungal infection of the scalp is more difficult to treat than fungal infections elsewhere. Treatment usually includes 1-2 months of a prescription oral medication. You should give your doctor a call and have them take a look at it. They will hopefully be able to tell exactly what it is so you can get the proper treatment. Good luck!
1516228	Any tips on how deal with legs, feet ache and slight swelling around ankles. Due to standin up all day & not b use to it? Do Compression socks help?	Diet common for persons to get when on their feet all day long miriad of causes from shoes to weight to diet try and cut salt content for theswelling for the pain try Advill change shoes stockings for support will help
1262789	Hi there... Is it possible to get pregnant if my boyfriend touched my vagina lips  with pre cum? Im still virgin.  Thanks	Use protection There is potential for pregnancy if sperm is deposited at the introitus (opening of vagina) or within the vagina. If not ready for pregnancy  use protection every time.
769900	Left shoulder blade pain going into neck. Swollen lymph nodes.  Pinched nerve?	Referred pain The lymph chains are connected, either that or you are having myalgias related to swollen lymph nodes. You should seek medical opinion for why your lymph nodes are swollen(? Viral prodrome).
1251446	I took my last oxycodone 10mg tylenol 325 at 9pm last night would it be safe to take my new prescription cymbalta  now? Thank for all the help !	Safe to take You are good to go at this time taking your cymbalta.
556533	Which one is more efficient against asthma? Asmanex or singulair?	It depends Both medications are controller medications. They are the first step in treating mild persistent asthma and can be used in combination with each other or other medications. One can start with either and monitor asthma and then the doctor decides which one works best, by following your symptoms and lung function test and rescue medication use.
313544	I have a red bump on the side of my upper lip painful to the touch swollen tryed to pop it. Tiny bit of pus came out along with some clear stuff?	Infection You need to see doctor to find out the infection is from virus or from bacteria to get proper treatment.
553014	I have sever pain in collar bone radiating to shoulder doctor thinks it might be chostochoditis . I don't have swelling and have had no injury to that?	Evaluation If you do not trust your doctor you need to find another one, preferably pain specialist or neurosurgeon.
949263	Period over 24 days late.Dark brown stringy mucous discharge & brown spotting for two days now 3 negative OTC pregnancy test no pregnacy symptoms?	Not sure. Missed/late period: low body wt, obesity, weight ^ or v, ^exercise, endurance athletics, breast-feeding, stress, illness, eating disorders (bulimia or anorexia), anovulatory cycle (no egg released), travel, perimenopause, just starting menstruation, hormone irregularities, drug use, meds (i. e., birth control) or medical problems (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome). #1 reason is pregnancy.
362897	Im 21 years old and have left ovary physiological cyst  and i don't have mentruation already 4 months , i thout i was pregnant.?	Menses Pregnancy is the most common cause of not having menses, but many other conditions from the pituitary, thyroid, ovaries, or uterus can cause a lack of a period (amenorrhea).
914066	Is it possible that either STI chlamydia or gonorrhea be passed on through oral sex due to a cyst?	Yes it can be passed Gonorrhea and chlamydia can be passed through oral sex, but not due to cyst.
1228360	My like need pop , my back do too. It is sore to touch my breastbone and  my ribs. My ribs will cramp up too. My BP was 120/70 two days. Heart issue?	Heart No , your symptoms do not appear to be related to your heart and your BP is within normal limits.
719374	My cervix is swollen, sore and is only a little finger away from opening of my vagina. I've been bleeding on n off, having cramps, also numb leg months?	You need 2 Get seen, you may have uterine prolapse and inflammation of the cervix from irritation or infection, good luck, you will be ok.
1546332	Chest tightness, rapid resting heart rate 95bpm, dizziness,  feeling of panic, cant catch breath, is this anxiety? Happening on and off for 3 years	Anxiety Sounds like anxiety
1356939	My left armpit has been itchy for more than a week. I couldn't see any visible skin irritations, but now it has small red bumps and it itches what now?	Multiple causes The rash could be due to folliculitis, or a dermatitis from your antiperspirant or another cause. Consult a dermatologist to evaluate and treat this issue. Use unscented soaps and sensitive skin antiperspirants only.
1385982	Is a red itchy rash inside the vagina a symptom of chlamydhia or any other std?	No It can be from an allergic reaction from a contact agent (vaginal cream, latex, semen , Tampex etc) and sometimes a fungal infection. Need to see your GYN if the problem is persistent.
1541649	Not on period. Dark red clumpy blood from the vagina all day. Severe Lower abdomen pain all day. Diarrhea & bleeding from the butt too....	This needs prompt medical evaluation. Please tell your parents about your rectal bleeding and abdominal pain.
728449	Why are my legs red almost like a sunburn, from my knees to my ankles? They aren't swollen & they don't hurt.	Red legs Many things can cause redness in the legs; infections, vascular conditions, blood clots to name a few. I would recommend evaluation by your primary care physician.
1063398	I cut my hand on monday between my thumb and index finger with a kitchen knife. Today i woke up and by throat is really sore.  Is it possible I have that I have tetnus or another infection as a result?	See a doctor If you have had the usual rounds of immunizations as a child and had tetanus toxoid in the past 10 years it would be remarkable to develop tetanus and it would be unlikely to present with a sore throat. Why not go and get both the hand and throat looked at by a doctor. Get better soon.
396796	I have pain from under my right breast to the middle of my back for the past 3 days.  Feels like an organ?  Bloated and sore had problems passing urine and bowel for two first days now i'm urinating good flow and some color but mostly clear.  Every time i	It It could be a liver problem, a gallbladder problem (the gallbladder sits right below your liver and can get stones and get infected), a kidney problem or several other issues. Please be seen immediately and have evaluation for this. If your doctor can't see you right away, or if you have continued pain, fever, or vomiting then you will have to go to the er.
692643	Do garlic inserted in the vagina cure a yeast infection?	No No.
711686	I'm just wondering, if you drink one ore two sodas a day will you develop kidney stones or/and diabetes?	Much greater chance Sodas have extremely high levels of sugar (esp. High fructose corn syrup from gmo's) & if "diet" have nutrasweet, which is even more toxic! anyone who has any interest in being healthy should hardly ever drink this poison! the acidity worsens risk of kidney stones. Just 1 soda a day increases diabetes risk by 22%. Try kombucha instead! see http://texasfarmersmarket.Org/the-hazards-of-drinking-soda.
1382537	Experiencing diarrhea and stomach discomfort within a few hours of eating for the last three days. No history of irritable bowel or previous issues.	Diarrhea and abdominal discomfort may suggest gastroenteritis. plenty of fluids and antidiarrhea medication will be initial usual management
1153665	99.3 temp, sore and red throat behind uvula, nasel congestion, slight headache, heart rate of 108bpm. No tonsels, cold or flu? Should i reduce fever?	Fever The fever is still within the realm of normal. See your doctor to rule out a possible strep throat.
1153661	4 days now i fell out of bed on my hand and i can move it but its sore brusied a lot and swollen when i open and close my fingers it hurts?	Ice and elevation Use ice and elevate. If pain and bruising persists, i would recommend getting a hand xray.
1071326	Can someone have an enlarged thyroid (not from nodules), but completely normal tsh, free T4 and T3 studies?	Yes The size of the thyroid does not relate to the function. People can have large thyroids with low, normal, or high thyroid levels. Most people with goiters (enlarged thyroid) have normal thyroid function.
246132	What can I do to address the swelling around the left hand small finger joint and pain at the base of thumb?	Find the reason for It then treat it, usually the doctor give anti-it then treat it, usually the doctor give anti- inflammatory medication( motrin, naproysen, celebrax . .) or go higher to give steroids check with your doctor which is better for you.
1471331	I've been experiencing vaginal/groin pain for over 6 months now any thoughts? No stds, pregnancy or infection. Something with my spine, hip, or leg?	Would get checked i would do an ultrasound and exam of the pelvis. a CT of the pelvis may also be in order to rule out and tumors and to check your lower spine. if all is negative, usually some physical thearpy will help.
6674974	My HSV IGM was 1:20+ but my IGG was negative. My girlfriend was tested for just IGG and she was negative as well. Assuming monogomy, how can this be?	HSV IgM means an acute exposure. IgG is a chronic state. Sounds like possible acute exposure to HSV. May need a repeat
794078	Does chlamydia cause pain when pressure is on vagina? Where does chlamydia usually cause pain and what are the most common symptoms?	See your MD 3 out 4 don't have symptoms but those who do may have: abdominal pain abnormal vaginal discharge bleeding between menstrual periods low-grade fever painful intercourse pain or a burning feeling while urinating swelling inside the vagina or around the anus the urge to urinate more than usual vaginal bleeding after intercourse a yellowish discharge.
207040	Can I become pregnant if semen touched my labia majora (outer lip)? Not inside vagina	Very unlikey Very unlikey.
677534	I take Xanax XR 1mg and celexa 10mg. Just started celexa yesterday. Can i take Tums with this combination. What about 20mg of omeprazole?	Caution! Omeprazole raises the blood levels of Celexa which can lead to serious side effects. In general the highest dose of Celexa while on Omeprazole is 20mg per day. You really need to ask your doctor or prescriber to guide you as I do not know enough about your general health. As far as alternating xanax and Celexa my opinion is that this is not a good idea. Celexa is taken every day.
1062628	Purple/red dots all over from waist down, slight cough, constant intense headache, nausea, flem, cold sweats, sore throat, weakness and drowsy, high bp	MD time I would go to an urgent care clinic asap. Those "dots" you describe could be something called petechia, caused by low platelets. That sometimes happens in patients with viral illnesses. I can't tell you for sure that's what it is but you should be examined pronto just in case.
339079	The week or 2 before my period starts i get very lumpy breasts but this month I have a lump in my armpit...Is that normal? I recently had a mammogram (2 months ago) but not sure if a mammo checks the armpit area...Please advise.	Likely breast tissue It is very common for breast tissue to extend into the underarm. The premenstrual swelling is very common. Unfortunately mammograms do not pick up underarm lesions well. If you can feel a mass u should see your doctor. She or he can reassure you that it is normal or otherwise.
6764779	Is it possible that not only did the botox paralyze my swallowing but can my cerebral palsy made it worse since it's 10 months and now I'm on a peg?	Botox Not sure where it was injected but wears off so unlikely. Discuss your management plan with your doctor before getting anymore. All the best and I'm sorry you're worse.
6680324	I was on Depo Provera shot for 4 days and had unprotected sex, My boyfriend didnt pull out. Now Im on my period but im barely bleeding. Am I pregnant?	Do pregnancy test? If you are on Depo Provera shots given every three months you can not be pregnant If not do a home pregnancy test to find out
327999	Why 4 days after period which was light, red blood an lasted 3days do I have still sore swollen breasts an cramping?	Pregnancy? Pregnancy is always a possibility. Obtain a home pregnancy test. They become positive at about the time you're ready to start your next expected period. If i's negative, repeat in a week and call your doctor.
1570740	I m 29 years old can i take calcium and vitamin D without going for their levels & without dr prescription i have  knee joint pain & i live in sweden	Only if Only if you have a baseline blood chemistry panel as there are medical conditions where they can cause problems. And only if you take the recommended RDA amounts. And only if you realize it won,t help your knee pain and you need to see someone for this knee pain.
774102	Can i be pregnant?I had late period after 41 days, heavy 2 first days & light brown spotting after.Feeling dizzy, nausea, tirediness.Breast sensible	Just take a test Why wonder? You can just take a test and in minutes you will know. Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
171526	Having nausea with right rib soreness and diarrhea.  Gallbladder has been rulled out from tests I have had done. What would this be for 3 weeks?	Gallbladder, other It depends on what gallbladder test you had done so far. An ultrasound could be negative falsely and another study might actually show gallbladder problems. On the other hand liver or stomach inflammation (hepatitis or gastritis could be to blame). I'd stay in close contact with my doctor.
6726180	I'm starting miscarriage last thursday. Still bleeding until now. Cramps, bloating, constipation. Stomach feel full but can't fart or poo. What to do?	Retained POC Need to see a Gynecologist and probably get a D & C to remove any remnants of the fetus (Products of Conception)
1389400	I have tinitus constantly,a one sided headache, floters in my vision and dizzyness for the last 8 months. ive had an mri+mra both clear. aneurysm?	MRA would have found an aneurysm,so no aneurysm.With the tinnitus and dizziness you need your ears evaluated by ENT.
1480523	I was taking Otrivin spray in nostril and after that i got taste in mouth.should i be worried that it got swollowed through nose to throat?	No. Anything you spray into your nose can end up in the throat.
549240	Unprotected sex 3weeks ago . Period came 6days early . Lasted for 4days . Nipples are tender , breast feel full .Back hurts , could i be pregnant ?	Get a test The best thing to do is to get a pregnancy test. Cannot say one way or the other.
1261492	Blood feels poisoned and back pain after meals. Endoscopy, colonoscopy, barium swallow=normal. Abdomen ct=possible chronic cystitis. Uti causing pain?	UTI probably Extensive work up is reassuring. Yes chronic cystitis and urinary tract infection could cause low to mid back pain especially if there is an extension causing kidney infection. Continue to follow with your doctor as urinalysis and urine culture and appropriate antibiotics may correct the problem.
1123417	My son had blood work and the one test mycoplasma pneumonia IgG ab was 2025 normal is 0-99 what could this mean?	Suggests past infctn Igg is a later phase antibody produced in response to a illness or infection by a specific agent. Igm would be an early phase (first weeks). A higher than expected igg level to this agent suggests the kid had a significant encounter with mycoplasma, an agent well known to cause pneumonia in kids.
6648463	Period like symptoms but no period breast tender cramping missed period moody I was on pill called clomiphene no period what to do?	Clomiphene If you were taking clomiphene (Clomid) to induce ovulation then you could be pregnant. Take a pregnancy test and discuss the results with your GYN.
570005	Bad neck/atherosclerosis.  When i tip my head I have dizziness/nystagmus.   Could i be  having continual tia's?	Possible positional Certain positions of head/neck can trigger dizzines, vertigo, nystagmus need further check up.
6669135	I've been "suffering" with soft, sludgy stools that stick to the toilet on and off for a few years. I never feel like I'm finished after I'm finished and I tend to have lots of gas and bloating. I've cut out gluten, dairy and don't eat any red meat. Howev	Time for stool exam It sounds like you need to have your stool examined to see if there is a malabsorption issue, or a low grade infection, or other problems.
1582088	I had both ovaries and Fallopian tubes removed 13 months ago, but my hormone levels are still too elevated. I'm assuming I have ovarian remnant syndrome. What's the next steps? What are my options? I go talk to my doc in 2.5 weeks. I want to know what to	Maybe How do you know your hormone levels and why did you have the surgery? These influence what you do next. Hope this is of some help.
1276951	I have severe sinus pressure with very little congestion, usual remedies arent helping. Mucus is thick & sticky, waking with rheum, what could cause?	Sinus infection Is most likely cause. See you medical doctor or ear, nose and throat specialist for an evaluation. If infection is present then an antibiotic may be needed.
660438	I have herniated disc on L4 L5 and buldge on L5 s1. Before pain in flexion now more on extension. Y? Any sugstn?Mri done	Flexion pain to ext Herniated disk will likely cause increased pain with flexion. This motion will increase disk pressure, and cause the disk to extrude more and irritate the nerve causing shooting pain. On the contrary, extension usually reduces disk pain but then causes pressure on the facet joints. Any pressure within the neural foramen will be made worse by extension. Initial treatment is pt for both.
582982	Im 18 yrs old and had unprotected sex(no birth control)a few days before my last period. Im now severely bloated , puking, spotting etc. Am i pregnant?	Possibly Sex is a risk for pregnancy. Unprotected sex puts you at a higher risk. If you are concerned get tested.
1123670	Been sick with the flu for 5 days and now when i cough I have a sharp pain between my ribs below my breast bone like 5 or 6" above my belly button. ?	Could be a number Of things. If it is getting worse, not getting better, or if you notice any other issues, go to the er. After severe coughing issues, you can irritate your diaphragm, even cause a mild spasm that then hurts when you cough. Coughing too hard can even cause partial tears. Many other things can cause pain there too, including heart, pancreas, abdominal aorta, etc. So if it doesn't improve, go to er.
311275	Psych d/c 120 mg Prozac  and is starting me on 40 mg Lexapro for mdd.  Are the high doses safe? What about serotonin syndrome?	Both simultaneously? Serotonin syndrome is possible, especially at higher doses of any ssri. Treatment failures to ssris are unfortunately not rare. Combination therapies may work better than monotherapy. Ask your psychiatrist about other treatment options if new regimen doesn't work.
6792874	Had sudden groin pain can't feel lump have lump on neck.. locum doctor said there not related I'm stressing over lymphoma etc which I seen online. Blood test normal and ultrasound on neck fine. Can you help?	Groin Get an MRI of your groin area if your concerned about cancer or tumors. If negative it will give you peace of mind.
1027165	Shoulder blade pain, breastbone pain, lower back pain, rib pain,  seems to wrap around my body, started severe 5 days ago. Slight cough and sore ?	Go to the Doctor I believe the question as asked is the perfect definition of when one needs to be seen by their family doctor. Something is wrong. Your body is telling you to get some help. You need to be seen and examined by the doctor you trust most.
1488473	My vagina smells like garbage and my obgyn has tested me for BV, trichamonis, chlamydia, gonorrhea & yeast. It is none of these things. What do I do?	Change your diet and may be that works.
914131	I'm going for my first pap and i would like to be tested for chlamydia and gonorrhea, does the pap test this as well?	Yes it can be done Pap test does not normally test for stds except for hpv virus as it is a screening test for cervical cancer. But you can ask the doctors who are doing the pap test to check you for chlamydia and gonorrhea and the reason you want to be tested.
1507587	A few days ago I became itchy under my Pubic hair, I scratched so hard it cut open and now scabbed over. I'm worried its herpes? I had no blisters.	Probably not Suggest you try some hydrocortisone cream to see if it helps. If not, consult your doctor even though I would doubt that this is from herpes. In the meanwhile, try moisturizer on area immediately after bathing and avoid scented or anti-bacterial soap.
916136	My mothers heart rate is very fast. Its about 90-110bpm. Even when her blood pressure is normal her heart beat is fast. What could be cause. Age 50?	Increase heart rate Can be simply due to lack of physical conditioning, obesity, drug induced(to much caffeine), anxiety, hyperthyroidism, etc. I will recommend a good history and physical by a primary care physician.
1439133	Endometriosis, Depo-Provera every 4 weeks. Before shot I had unprotected sex, nausea, bleeding and sore nipples with sharp pelvic pain.should in worry?	Worry? I assume you mean, should you worry about being pregnant. If you have had sex, you can be pregnant, no matter what. So, just check a simple at home pregnancy test to end the worry.
812494	While taking amoxicillin once every 8 hours for an ear inf. And sore throat, how often can benelyn cold and flu and Advil be taken? Back is very sore.	Medication schedule All three medications you mentioned may be taken as directed by your medical provider. You can also confirm if taking them simultaneously affect the efficacy of each one by checking with your pharmacist.
1161245	Last period was 12/18. Im irregular. Im now 11 days late. I had unprotected sex 12/29-01/03. 4 negative hpt already. Cramps. Brown discharge when wipe?	Stop testing You are wasting money on tests that will be negative. You are not pregnant.
1132058	What are pros & cons of long term antibiotics use to try to prevent UTI in elderly female with bladder prolapse.	Pros are it Sometimes controls the problem( should get culture ; sensitivity before starting. ) cons are developing allergy, loss of sensitivity to drug.
789752	My vagina has bright red lips. Its not itchy but shows signs of a yeast infection. Could this just be a yeast infection.	Probably Please see your gynecologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. You may also need an evaluation with a dermatologist.
73897	For chronic lower back pain that is fue to soft tissue damage, is it better to take aspirin, ibuprofen or acetaminophen roughly 3 times a week?	I have never heard I've never heard that taking pain medicine three times a week is any better for treating low back soft tissue injury. In order to take full advantage of the anti-inflammatory effect of Ibuprofen or aspirin, it needs to be in your body all the time, and can take 7 to 10 days for full anti-inflammatory effect. Until then, is only a pain medication. Tylenol is only a pain and fever reducing medicat.
1542172	I've had my period twice each month for the last 2 month's,  but why? .I've been off my first Depo-Provera shot for about three months. Is pregnancy possible?	Pregnancy is certainly possible, but more likely it is the hormonal fluctuation that s occurring since being off the depo-provera. Just as it takes time to regulate cycles when initiating treatment, it takes time to regulate once treatment has been removed.
1244410	I have a little black sore/bump on my gum to the far back of my mouth above the bottom wisdom tooth on the left side its painless is this a concern?	Yes See dentist or oral surgeon for complete exam.
1377587	Last period was 05/02/14.I'm NOT on birth control & had unprotected sex w/my bf 05/29/14 & 6/1/14. No period & brown spotting w/cramps. Neg hpt. Help?	See Gyn You do not appear to be pregnant, but may an infection, so get evaluated and tested. Best wishes.
6696124	I'm getting my periods regularly and I have had two negative urine test and one negative blood test two months after intercourse. Cn I stil b pregnant?	Unlikely Did you have a period after the last episode of sex? If you did and correctly done pregnancy test was negative a month after sex, you are not pregnant. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time. You may consider implanted contraceptive, or IUD. Practice safe sex. Get HPV vaccine.
406588	I got the Depo-Provera provera shot a little over a month ago.  I started spotting about 8 days ago, will it stop? I looked at the calander and I am at the time of my period however I have never bled more than 5 days, this is crazy.	This This is a completely normal side effect of depo. In about three months the spotting should stop. Also be aware that your periods can be very light and even absent while taking depo. This is normal. If you get your injections on time, you are over 97% protected against pregnancy. Like i always say in this situation, hang in there!
730469	Taking 50mg-zoloft, 50mg-vyvanse, 40mg-protonix, donnatal-4 daily, viokase16-4 daily, 5000-vit.D3, aleve-440mg 4 pain.Could meds damage liver?Were elevated.	Possibly See your doctor to adjust your regimen as some can cause liver enzymes elevations.
848534	I had my wisdom tooth extracted  yesterday the dentist stitched up the hole it stopped bleeding last night how will i know if it is clotting ok?	Faith If you do not have bad pain, just moderate discomfort then you will be healing correctly. Once the blood clot forms your body will do its job.
173017	Is breast needle biopsy safe, and how many biopsies can they take from one breast?	Yes safe Breast needle biopsy is a very safe and common procedure to see if there are any abnormal cells cells in the breast tissue. It saves having surgery and a breast incision too. The needle can be inserted several times under local anesthetic to obtain several samples if needed, so there is no true limit on how many biopsies can be done, as long as the anesthetic is adequate for you.
1200136	I have white ridges on the sides of my tongue and yellow-reddish bumps on the back of my throat. Help. Every doctor i've seen has said viral?	Why? If everyone tells you the same thing, why are you questioning the answer?
1603781	Sneezing, congestion, facial pain, slightly swollen lymph nodes, severe migraine accompanied/followed by nausea, fatigue, dizziness, shaking, & chills?	URI It sounds like you have an upper respiratory tract infection. It may be viral, however, if it has gone on for longer than a week I would seek medical attention. Also, it is flu season. I would seek help sooner rather than later because treatment of the flu is indicated within the first 48 hours.
1601139	I'm 29weeks pregnant about 2:30am woke up from a pain of stretching,ripping, burning between my breasts and belly button what could this be?	Go to hospital... I'm not sure what is causing your symptoms but it sounds worrisome to me. Most hospitals have a triage area next to labor and delivery where pregnant women can go for evaluation. I would get evaluated as your symptoms sound quite severe and abnormal. It could turn out to be something simple but I wouldn't assume that. Best wishes!
930460	Can ulnar nerve pain cause bicep and tricep pain? Also have pain on both sides of elbow/wrist.  Carpal tunnel was released on same arm 4 months ago.	Unanswerable Whether "ulnar nerve pain, biceps pain & triceps pain" are related to bilateral elbow & wrist pain begs the question. Three diagnoses, widespread arm pain & history of cts much too complex for an healthtap analysis. In any case, doctors diagnose & rely on patients to provide symptoms & timelines. Patient self-diagnoses usually confuse the analytic process. See osteopath or physiatrist. T.O.S.?
1522239	Discharge thats thick n white  inches a lil could this be are yeast infection hurts a lil like a UTI I've only been with my husband shouldn't be std?	Likely yeast Suggest you try an over-the-counter cream from your pharmacy. See your Dr. if this fails to clear things up within a few days.
1555881	left side of my body is in constant pain. LEg from the knee down goes numb & cold, arm from elbow down hurt. All MRI & cat scan are normal.	Ask your Dr about these possibilities - pinched nerve, peripheral or autonomic neuropathy, autoimmune condition,diabetes etc. Take care and God bless you! http://www.emedicinehealth.com/neuropathy/article_em.htm
1320953	Can being in a hot environment (35+ degrees Celcius) with poor air ventilation for long periods of time cause leg cramps and muscle soreness?	Yes Dehydration can cause cramping
681126	Help please! is an impacted wisdom tooth making me dizzy and achy?	Unlikely Unless the tooth has a severe abscess i don't think it would cause these symptoms. See your M.D. First and then have the tooth evaluted by your dentist.
1462849	Bilirubin 1.8, ast, ALT all normal, CBC all
normal2012 yr had hepatitisB immunizalion. this year Aprbilirubin1.1. sth wrong w/my liver now?	I don't know that anything is wrong with your liver. You haven't presented anything alarming here.
1313344	Pain right side in ribs under, sometimes under breast. Pain at times on right side above ovary. Sometimes pain in left lower abdomen close to ovary.	Irritable bowel? This sounds like you may have irritable bowel syndrome since the pain is moving all over. Schedule a visit with a gastroenterologist for evaluation
1121816	Just got over a cold, now past 4 days bad pressure in nose only, not cheeks or eyes. Runny nose, not congested. Happened last month too without a cold?	Maybe allergic? If the problem is recurrent and not associated with other "cold" symptoms, you may have an allergic issue . Try some antihistamine-decongestant to see if this helps. If not see your doctor for an exam.
6717116	Itchy scalp&skin from hair dye.No visible reaction.can it get worse/serious?Chlorpheniramine (antihistamine) tablets available here.Safe to use?	Yes As I mentioned earlier, as long as you will not be driving or engaging in other complex or dangerous activity, it is okay to take antihistamine medication.
6712474	Recently had back injury which triggered depression. Perscribed celexa and percocet. Are these safe to take together?	Drug interactions "Using oxyCODONE together with citalopram can increase the risk of a rare but serious condition called the serotonin syndrome" (http://www. drugs.com/interactions-check.php?drug_list=679-335,72-1135)
6794855	Headaches to the point I can't take a step without intense pain. Also having some dizziness, feeling faint, blackouts (5+ days). Causes? Options?	Medical Evaluation Severe headache with episodes of passing out warrants prompt medical assessment.
1376980	Fishy odur from vagina, no itching,burning,redness or change in discharge. No sex since last STI check, came on suddenly, what could it be?	Fishy smell commonly caused by bacterial vaginosis. Talk to your doctor for examination treatment
286846	I have been sick for 2 weeks. Sinuses. 2 antibiotics.  I got a yeast infection but now its almost gone and I have a sore inside my vagina. What is it?	Once you start AB's You alter the population of bacterial and fungal populations. Allergies are awful this year leading to protracted sinus/nasal symptoms *not* fixed with antibiotics, but all you report can be caused by not culturing and shot-gun use of antibiotics. Go back and start over. Demand a culture before demanding antibiotics.
1413163	Wkness/pain/burning/swelling both hands,no reflex L ankle,severe mid/low bk pain,feet tingly/xtreme pain/swollen, blue/purp toes.Related? What dr 2 c?	Neurology I would start with neurology to figure out where the problem is coming from - brain, spinal cord, periphery? Blood work and nerve testing will probably need to be done.
6623383	I had tooth decay doctor was intense Had a headache .. now spot on left head above my ear 5 CM above tooth..pain only when touch the spot any help?plz	Tooth decay This sounds like you have an abcessed tooth. If so, it will need a root canal treatment. See your dentist or an endodontist (root canal specialist) for treatment.
1196726	3 days after a very short/light period I am having moderate cramping, nausea, lower back pain, milky white discharge,  and fatigue.. What's going on?	Delayed menstruation You must rule out pregnancy. Also consider urinary tract infection, vaginitis . Do not take meds until diagnosis is made.
925892	Can fluid in the ears cause popping sound in ears when swallowing, dizziness, nausea, headache/pressure? What is a natural cure for this if so.	Ear fluid Ear fluid can result from nasal congestion, i see you have an inhaler, do you also suffer from nasal allergies? Treating the latter will control the fluid in the ears and the dizziness, headache, etc will ease. See an allergist for a long term treatment that does not involve medications.
1515139	I have 4 new moles on scalp can they be skin cancer?	Yes Skin cancer can arise from any part of the skin, no matter how normal it has looked for years before. This is one of the things that makes skin cancer so challenging. See your surgical oncologist or dermatologist for a complete skin examination to see if you need a biopsy or not.
6762025	Tongue fasciculations for one year. Teo clean emg's. What are the odds of it being bulbar ALS? No other symptoms.	Possible Possible. http://www. nature.com/nrneurol/journal/v4/n7/full/ncpneuro0853.html See neurologist for expert advice.
1421056	Area around vagina, outer labia, is very itchy, dry- no discharge or smell. Not yeast infection, had before, know what the symptoms are. What's wrong?	Are you washing With a drying soap? Try only water for awhile and use a moisturizer like aquaphor or eucerin till it clears up
6789753	Hi, I have two strips of pus on the back wall of my throat, either side. I have a fever and a headache. Is this a normal sore throat? Thank you	It can be strepto coccus infection (i. e. strep throat), or a very bad viral infection. But the possibility of strep throat needs to be ruled out because it needs to be treated otherwise it can lead to a lot of infections and complications. Not to mention death from overwhelming streptococcal infection.
1383589	I do not have insurance to go to dermatologist and I have this red blotches/pimplies bumps only on left butt cheek for 3 mnths only itches...its profile pic? It does not hurt either or burn.	Blotches and pimples It is difficult to tell what is the cause of these lesions without seeing them. It would be in your best interest to have a doctor take a look since you have had them for 3 months.
508275	Fell 2 wksago&hit my knee. History of knee problems.Still badly bruised&little bit puffy.Worried y its taking so long to heal cuz have lesion in brain?	Knee Brain lesion unlikely please have your knee looked at by your primary care physician.
492674	I think i got bit by something on my ear. It's hot, red and burns and itches. I also have a headache.?	Ear bite It does sound like an allergic reaction from an insect bite. Take an antihistamine, like zyrtec or Claritin or even Benadryl (causes drowsiness). And put cold packs/cold towels to help with swelling. The headaches r concerning for maybe a bite in the ear canal which can cause blockage & an infection. If it doesn't improve with my recommendations please have your ear checked. Keep me posted!
1089509	Why would i be positive for ebv/mono again after i had it when i was younger? Don't u build immunity?	Antibody positive? Once you have had the disease, certain antibodies to the virus continue to be found in the blood, quite often for life. During acute infections, additional antibodies develop. If you are only positive for antibodies and have no active disease, that's common. Also, the disease that we call "mono" (infectious mononucleosis) can be clinically caused by at lest 2 viruses (ebv and cmv).
6649526	Is having one or two single loose stools (not diarrhea) a week IBS? I treated myself with loperamide. Now constipated and I have mucus? IBS?	It can be IBS is usually associated with episodic pain, diarrhea and/or constipation , along with mucus. The traditional treatment is treating the symptoms, either the diarrhea or constipation. The real cause most likely is stress related , and also more prevalent in certain personalities that are more in the Anxiety/Obsessive traits. I treat patients with discussions , then SSRI's.
100845	Will using a salt water nasal spray help prevent developing a perforated septum?	May If you have a dry nose it may help to moisturize the membranes. Dry membranes can lead to septal perforation, though there are many more causes.
1515861	My right calf is sore and itchy. There is nothing on the skin itself. I had an ultrasound done on the entire leg and blood flow is normal. Help?	No DVT Not sure why you have the itching. Your negative US means it's probably not caused by deep vein thrombosis. If the itching is really problematic, then have a clinician check it out. Hope that helps.
1607536	Itchy clitoris with clear results from std/bv/yeast. This has been a problem for over 16 years. What could be the issue?	Urethritis symptoms may be caused by urethral obstruction/diverticulum/or infection of the urethra.
6784313	I think I might be suffering from acid reflux , have been to ER because of chest and left side discomfort (burning) DOCTORS did EKG, X-rays and blood work and everything is normal. Going to see a GI doctor tomorrow and hope to find an answer to my symptom	Probably Sounds like GI is a likely cause of your symptoms. Best of luck with the gastrooenterology consult.
618764	Unprotected sex 2 weeks ago. Tingling breast, slight cramps, discharge, diherriah, very tired, moody, dizziness. Prego?	Virus? Could just be a virus, but recommend over the counter pregnancy test.
1409848	Burning severe Pain radiating in right side...neck, head, jaw, shoulder and down arm. Woke me up from a dead sleep...what's wrong?	Evaluate Neck If you are not improving have your doctor order a cervical spine mri. Many times a herniated disc in the neck can cause arm pain especially if you have not improved with the medications and physical therapy. If it is a herniated disc you may need evaluation from a spine specialist to determine what other options might be needed (injections, surgery, etc) to help reduce pain.
6671089	cramp like pain on ribs/breast & other pains; lump feeling in throat that feels like something is in back/chest; weird abdmn noise; uppr bk discomfort	Problems Please take these problems to your doctor and the many issues will be found and explained. You likely will be rereed to a specialist or two. Please take your mother with you if you can.
6697295	Sore throat for about a week and can feel the soreness up my neck/jaw line to my ear, recurring tonsil stones, stuffy nose. Anything serious?	Tonsils If this continues to recur or persist you should see an ENT specialist who will help resolve this condition.
323312	I have terrible chest congestion with a itchy cough in my lungs. I am on a z-pac. How long does it usually take to clear up?	Doctor can re-check After starting antibiotics, things should be better each day after the first 2 days. Otherwise, the doctor can re-check to see if a different antibiotic or a longer course of antibiotics is needed. Sometimes asthma meds such as inhalers and anti-inflammatories like singulair or Prednisone are also needed. If doing well, a mild residual cough can be around for a couple of weeks, improving daily.
1395935	Celexa 20 for 5 days side affects are terrible. ANXIOUS, CAN'T SLEEP, STOMACH UPSET, FAST HEART RATE...can i stop it safely?	Well... If you have only taken it for 5 days, you can stop it safely. Contact the prescribing Dr. for alternatives and let him know of the symptoms Do not panic, nothing is life threatening
1262204	Having constant headaches, dizziness, nausea, eye pain for 3-4 weeks. Ct last week showed cerebellar tonsillar ectopia of 5mm. Pcm says no immediate action needed at this time. How long must i suffer?	Cereberellar ectopia The key is the presence of symptoms. If present, then phase-contrast mr flow studies have a role in determining whether symptomatic chairi malformation patients may benefit from surgical intervention. You might wanna discuss with your pcp again or see a neurosurgeon.
726386	Does asymmetrical and sometimes itching mole necessarily indicate skin cancer?	Mole Not every mole that itches or is asymmetrical is cancerous. However these features may be found in cancerous moles . See a dermatologist to diagnose and treat as needed.
1216919	Swollen breasts swollen breast veins dull cramping for 4 days a week before periods due and moody&increase in bumps on breast mean pregnancy?	Get a pregnancy test If you missed a period, get a pregnancy test. It's the only way to know. If it turns out that you're not pregnant after missing your period or if your period comes, then you need to get a birth control method now. Especially if you don't want to be pregnant. Consider an iud or Nexplanon which are implants that you just set and forget.
1294921	I develop an itchy rash on head of penis/around foreskin from time to time. What could be the cause? I'm very concious about health/hygiene!	DiabetesCircumsized Can be caused by diabetes and or redundant foreskin.
1169295	Uterus fibriod of 754656mm.Is it dangerous to have fibriods along with ovarian cyst and endometrium.I m also expecting pelvic pressure and pain.	That fibroid should Be removed since it is causing symptoms and could possibly grow larger.
6699321	Low WBC of 3.2 repeated blood tests, still low next day. Doctor testing me for viral stuff. What's the chances I have HIV? No HIV risk factors.	HIV If you are fully aware of the risks of getting HIV infection and do not have any of the risk factors you do not have this illness. There are many possibilities for a low WBC and it sounds as if your doctor is evaluating you appropriately. Stick with them.
1253760	Please tell me what type of chemical peel works best for acne scars?	Best or safest The best would be the deep peels and they should only be performed by a trained physician that would be the phenol peel. It would help acne scars not wipe them out but will have downtime The safer method would be a series of medium peels they have limited downtime and are abet safer these would be the jesner plus tca 35% or even the less potent Vi peel for acne. You will need several
6707732	Can I take Nyquil with 2 mgs of Xanax for sleep about 7 hours after taking my last 30 mg dose of Adderall IR? I am only prescribed Xanax not Adderall.	Not recommended Nyquil is risky w/ both the other drugs. Risks high BP w/ Adderall and can cause confusion, dizziness, etc w/ Xanax. W/o a Rx, you ought not take Adderall anyway. These are serious drugs, be careful. Your body is a valuable possession, take care of it! Be well!
329233	My daughter has been suffering with a thick rash under her ares and it itches very bad. Yesterday she appeared with red bumps under her arms and chest?	See your doctor It is difficult to diagnose rashes without seeing them. Since it s thick and now spreading, she would be helped with a visit. Cannot tell if it is a contact irritation or a food sensitivity or eczema or other allergic type rash without seeing it.
1551761	It's a week after my period. Spotting blood , mild cramping , sore full breast and small blood clots.It's been happening for 5days what could it be?	Could be imbalance of estrogen and progesterone as well as old, leftover blood and tissue that needed to be expelled from the uterus. Take care.
323732	My mammogram report results came back birads 4 but my sonogram report came back negative so why does my doctor recommend a  breast biopsy?	Better safe Different types of breast imaging can be better or worse at finding certain abnormalities. A biorads 4 suggests that the radiologist cannot completely exclude cancer; however, benign lesions can also have this score. Consider a second opinion if you are not confident that a biopsy is necessary.
408721	I think i might have a sinus infection. How effective are neti pots to clear up the infection? I have been having a lot of nasal discharge and headaches. My sister says she uses a neti pot to relieve sinus pressure. How effective are they and when should	If If symptoms are not improving or ameliorated within one week despite conservative measures such as a neti pot /sinus irrigation and decongestants, you probably should be seen. If the pain is progressing, or the drainage is purulent ( malodorous and pus-like) you should be seen sooner for initiation of antibiotic therapy. A neti pot will not treat an infectious cause for sinonasal complaints, it merely removes particulate and secretory matter, and often affords symptomatic relief for mild congestive/inflammatory symptoms.
348638	My son  has hand, foot, and mouth disease. How long will he be contageous?	Depends Oral secretions will be contagious for a week to 10 days while the virus can still be present in the stool for 6 weeks.
767427	I have a very sore pain in my tailbone, hips, and knee for about 2 month now. No injuries. Could bone cancer be a likely concern?	Seek a doctor Persistent pains that cannot be attributed to any activity may be nothing serious but may also be a sign of an underlying problem. While this is not likely to be related to urologic cancer by itself you should seek the guidance of a physician who can do a physical exam and order the appropriate tests.
1595390	Random swelling of lymph nodes. Lymph nodes on right jaw line swollen and painful! Doctor gave augmentin, went away...now back again. Any ideas?	Lymph nodes They could be from a number of causes. I would check with your dentist to make sure it is not coming from your teeth
767422	Was on Depo-Provera for 2years & period stopped.Now off Depo-Provera and 5months later having brown spotting 2/3 days long then stops & comes back the next week why?	Depo causes abn bldg It is likely now out of your system and your bleeding is resuming. Depo commonly causes spotting, and this can be worse during or after intercourse. This side effect tends to get better over time. Now that you are off of depo, your periods should resume normally soon. Be patient. Best of luck!
1387807	Found a hard ball under scalp on left back side of my head n it is tender. I've also had frequent headaches for the last week or so. What could it be?	Ok Probablt a lipoma or sebaceous cyst. See you doc.
6704281	5 days.I've been having abdominal discomfort, bloating, gas, some diarrheal, loss of appetite, and black stool. Should I seek my family doctor or er?	Either If you have access to your doctor, please see her/him. If your symptoms persist and you feel dizzy, go to the ER.
1572071	I had carpal tunnel surgery, will the hair on my hand look darker after the splint is removed or will it be the same because I have some black hairs.	Shouldn't be problem Usually we only see hair color change after a longer period of cast immobilization not a shorter term use of a splint. If you do get some hairs that are darker they will return to their normal color over time
325413	What can I do to stop snoring and allow my wife to sleep?	Sleep study I believe that a sleep study is in order. Often, if there is no diagnosis of sleep apnea, an oral mouthpiece may suffice in helping the snoring problem diminish or go away. But sleep apnea can cause other health problems and can be life threatening. Your md/do should be consulted first.
1482780	Thumb and index finger will suddenly contract and move inwards towards my palm. Is this twitching, tremor or what?  It happens after I use my hand	Muscle cramp/spasm A sudden cramp in your fingers can cause this If all your fingers do it it is called carpopedal spasm which can be due to a problem with calcium levels in your body. This is less likely when only 2 fingers are involved. Muscle spasms can happen if you don't do an activity much, then do it more than you you usually do. I get it when digging many holes for bulbs/plants in the fall/spring.But see MD
919014	What is more effective on poison ivy.  Allegra or benadryl?	Either You can take either. Both would improve itchiness somewhat but not treating the inflammation due to contact dermatitis to your suspected poison ivy. Benadryl acts faster but it does not last as long. Plus it makes you drowsy. Allegra last longer and does not cause drowsy. You might need to see a doctor if symptoms not controlled. Corticosteroids treat the inflammation and hasten the recovery.
1577558	Fever and severe body aches for 5 days, went to ER and had flu test- negative. 6th day Started vomiting and diarrhea, still have 101 fever also. Flu?	See specialist There are many causes of isolated fever. Infections are commonest but not the only possibility. What is your age? where do you live? Who have you been in contact with? have you travelled? Do you have pets? Have you had any previous illnesses? These questions and more and further testing are needed to diagnose your fever. Could it be flu? Yes, but now you need to see an infectious disease doc.
294482	Constant pressure in my head like a balloon blowing up inside me skull and a heart rate of 109 while sitting. 22yr old female always dizzy and head aches and fatigue?	Many possibilites You could have blood pressure problems, cardiac problems, migraine, anxiety, drug effect, anemia, etc, etc. See your doctor for a proper assessment.
884240	So i'm on cd31 still no period lack of period symptoms. Only thing I have is low back pain and sore breast. Any ideas if i'm pregnant?	No need to guess There is no need to speculate or guess. Go get a pregnancy test!
794512	What would purple marks on the lips be? Like spots, almost like bruising/blood under skin but doesn't hurt. Could this be an std? Its not a cold sore.	Venous lake Venous lakes are benign blood vessel growths that can be blue or purple in color on the lips. See a dermatologist to evaluate the lesion. They can also be removed by an oral surgeon if they are bothersome.
6760943	No knee pain ever. Recently I have been doing a project that requires me to squat down to do some things. When I get up I can't straighten my leg, pain behind knee cap. This will last for 24 hrs and then be fine. Will happen the following weekend when I s	Chondromalacia patel This is probably chondromalacia patella this is softening of the Cartlidge underneath the kneecap. The best therapy is to strengthen and the quadriceps muscle. These are the thigh muscles.
1186245	I have taken 3 urine pregnancy tests they were negative when i first missed my period. Should i take an blood test? My last cycle was 12-7-13	Yes Alternatively, you can wait a week and repeat the urine test in one week.
570108	Had gallbladder surgery 4 days ago.  My  left thigh is constantly numb & tingling. No changes by moving or stretching. Worse sleeping. What's wrong?	Maybe Possibly due to positioning of you or equipment during your surgery--creating pressure and resulting in this finding. If so, "should" resolve on own in few (more) days--but, should mention to your surgeon and ask for official opinion as to source.
626879	"i haven't had a period since november and at 4 am i started bleeding heavy but no blood clots but cramps did i miscarry?	ABORTION No period x4-5 months, did you have pregnancy test? If not, pregnancy test and pelvic ultrasound are needed.
1496714	I'm in unbareable pain I have scoloisis knots start at mid back n low back pain.butt.hip.leg.feet.neck pain.what kind of treatment is there for it?	Scoliosis How long have you been dealing with the pain? What you done for muscle pain before? You need to consult a physician for physical exam to exclude neuropathy or other pathologies and likely get started on muscle relaxants, anti-inflammatories and analgesics as well as referral to physical therapy.
534538	I found a marble sized  hard lump in upper arm an inch from elbow. (unmovable & tender) it feels  like its on a tendon or bone. What  could it be?	C MD U shoul b cn by ur pcp or better an ortho guy. Exam & x-ray at minimum. Any doubt re DX more tests may b needed.
944425	Swelling above kneecap, also have knee arthritus.What to do?	OA Recommendations for swelling in a joint is to see a doctor and have a complete evaluation.
626704	Is baking soda a good remedy for preventing kidney stones and if so, how much?	Not really Unfortunately, if it was helpful, you would have to essentially subsist on the supplement, to keep your urine ph alkaline. ..Which is far more likely to create other health problems over the long run than prevent some kinds of kidney stones. Only effective method for prevention is maintaining good hydration. Not going overboard on soda (pop) might help also.
254283	Could I use saline nasal spray for a runny nose?	Yes, but... There's no harm in using a nasal saline spray. If it helps your runny nose, it's fine.
1048808	Fell on knee snowboarding; swelling, bruising, searing pain in patellar tendon area when flexing foot up; can move, walk, stand fine. Thoughts?	Knee pain You may just a severe contusion. Try ice and ibuprofen. If it does not improve in a few days check with your doctor.
1574929	Do neurologist immediately do surgery if they see that a pinch nerve cause your arm and leg muscles to be weak and wasting away.	No A neurologist is not a surgeon. A neurosurgeon or a spine surgeon would be the specialties that would operate on a spinal nerve that is being compressed. Certainly if you have significant weakness or numbness surgery becomes a very real option. Please follow up with the appropriate doctors as necessary
1410929	What does a doctor do to manipulate a knee after surgery when the range of motion isn't where it's supposed to be?	They do a Procedure, with you asleep under anesthesia to break the scarred tissue called adhesions that is keeping your knee from becoming normal in its range of motion. When you awaken your knee will be in a range of motion machine to keep it moving then you will progress back to therapy to finish healing
929427	I'm really nervous about having knee microfracture surgery for my chondromalacia, what can I expect? Crutches a braces? I'm nervous	Microfracture Normal to be nervous with any surgery. You will have some pain that should be easily managed with pain medication. You will be on crutches for 4-6 weeks. A brace is usually not rquired. Good luck.
307827	I have a rash on my  stomach, it itches a little but is also painful. Its just a few red bumps. What could it be?	Shingles After you get chickenpox, the virus remains inactive (becomes dormant) in certain nerves in the body. Shingles occurs after the virus becomes active again in these nerves years later. The reason the virus suddenly becomes active again is not clear. Often only one attack occurs. Shingles may develop in any age group, but you are more likely to develop the condition if: your immune system is weak.
1009652	Could i be pregnant? I had sex in june and that is wheb i got my Depo-Provera shot. July through august i bled, my breast have gotten bigger and i'm bloated.	Its unlikely that You are pregnant but check a pregnancy test, good luck.
1235798	Since this morning my throat has got worse it's very inflamed red, hurts have a few white dots like tonsillitis now, having trouble eating and swallowin?	Have it evaluated Then see a doctor, have a swab done for strep and start appropriate treatment.
6728318	After wisdom teeth removal, is it necessary for the same doctor to remove the stitches, or can any other dentist do it? Thanks	Best to see same Best to see same person as they know what they did and how everything looked before and what to expect. Can someone else do it, yes, but if you have the option, I would see the same person.
6763355	I have fibromyalgia. I have many symptoms of autoimmune diseases.Lupus & RA test normal.ANA & CRP test are positive and elevated.What does this mean?	Exam You should see a rheumatologist to undergo a full history and exam. No single test can diagnose a rheumatological disease. ANA alone is not indicative of sle. The titer and type is imp. High CRP again in a non specific sign of inflammation. So should see a rheumatologist and have this a exam.
6622839	When i exercise in my house my throat, nose, eyes and sides of head get in pain/tenderness. feel very drowsy. have bad dust allergies. allergy/asthma?	Allergies It's possible this is related to the dust allergies. You should try to exercise somewhere else (another area of house, gym, etc) to see if this still happens. If so, there is your answer. You can also do a trial of an antihistamine like claritin to see if it helps.
337828	I just developed a halo mole. Do i need to be concerned? I just had stitches removed from having a squamous cell cancer mole 3 days ago.	Mole Nothing can substitute clinical examination. So, if you are worried about it, you need to go back to your doctor and have the mole evalated. I can't tell you for sure whether it is something that you have to be cocerned about without examining the mole.
618816	I ovulated on feb. 6...On feb. 14 my period lightly started and i had unprotected sex. What are the chances of pregnancy as I have sore nipples, nause?	See below Even in the perfect setting, you only have about a 20% conception rate per month. Sore nipples can be a sign of pregnancy, but other things can cause them too.
1184609	28 jan period suppose to come but didn't. Late for 18days. Mild cramp in lower abdomen but two negative ovulation test. (bought wrongly) pregnant?	We never guess Physicians never guess when it comes to diagnosing pregnancy. You are past due for a pregnancy test.
762286	Been having running nose and watery eyes for over two weeks now , not sure if this is allery related or i got the flu. I sneeze a lot but no cough?	Features of both But sounds more allergic than not. Might try over the counter Loratadine for a few days and see if that makes you better.
241440	Hey, i'm a healthy 21 years old guy and I have an extremely unpleasant rash in my crotch. It's very red, itchy and annoying. Any good solutions? Thx.	Rash The rash needs to be seen by your physician. It may be contact dermatitis/ allergic dermatitis, yeast infection, scabies etc.
278475	How do I get rid of genital warts?	Quite a few options Some warts do disppear on their own, but unfortunately genital warts often don't. Otc such as compound-w/salicylic acid, or home remidies such as duct-tape, garlic juices may help. You can consult doc for better topical meds, or get removal done in office with liquid nitrogen or electrodessication. Some docs use carbon-lasers for severe cases. These do spread to others. Consult doc. Good luck.
6675509	Took MOM 2 days ago. Explosive loose stools yesterday. Today urge to go but can't. Increased fiber and water. What can I do? Is this IBS or serious?	Too much MOM You may have taken too much MOM which contains Magnesium. Too much Magnesium can cause diarrhea. Too much fiber without lots of water can slow down your stool transport. Try to take Magnesium citrate 500mg every night. Drink 8-10 glasses of water daily with a fiber supplement. Aloe vera juice also helps.
619143	Pain/swelling right knee now in both knees, pain up through thighs, now cracking fell on knee 2 yrs ago, what could this be?	Time for Orthopedist Could be degenerative changes catching up w/you; overuse; new injury. ..Needs examination and possibly imaging study to see what is going on. See an orthopedist.
62651	I think I might  have  ibs-i have either  liquid stools or am constipated.  I have  been screened and my colon! is clean-i do have a backwards upper i?	Fiber, water,... Ibs typically improves with plenty of fiber, water, an stress reduction. However, there are good medicines (levsin is commonly used) which can be very helpful with symptoms of ibs.
538281	Sore throat, headache, dry cough, no fever, green mucous in throat. What are these symptoms of?	Sinusitis This could be an indication for a sinus infection either viral or bacterial-cannot say. You should see your doctor who can best determine what is going on and give you the appropriate medication.
1484251	The skin on my eyebrow bone, has few small bumps that itches. The eyebrows sometimes itch once in a while. What can I do to stop the discomfort?	Atopy? Allergy? Could be a sign of atopy or allergic reaction. Try using topical skin lotion and anti-inflammatory creme (such as Hydrocortisone 1%). If no improvement, see a dermatologist.
719789	I took a pregnancy test and only part of the line was faint so i took another one and no line. I'm on mirena, should I call my doctor?	Yes Always helps to gain input from a source that knows you well.
48429	I pulled my trap I think but I have a tingling feeling in my elbow, forearm, palm of hand, thumb and index finger, what's wrong?	Nerve stretch Injury to the shoulder followed by numbness or pain in the hand could indicate stretch or injury to the nerves around the shoulder. These often resolve spontaneously.
76149	I tweaked my right knee playing basketball last year and now when I put pressure on it at certain angles, it just gives out. What could this be?	Knee gives out It is time to be evaluated by an orthopedic surgeon with an expertise in sports injuries. It sounds as if you may have a collateral ligament injury but there are numerous other ligament or tendon injuries that may be responsible. It is likely that an MRI will be required to confirm the diagnosis.
1315210	Can you tell me about having gas, bloating, diarrhea, & nausea after gallbladder out?	Not unusual About 6% of patients will develop these symptoms after cholecystectomy. The treatment will need sometimes anti-dirrhea medication first and if it did not work then Cholesteramin powder may be needed.
944283	Dx of lung nodules. Ct scans of chest two years. Had chestxr CT scan of chest 2012 2013 CT scan of chest pulm wants another im afraid it causes cancer?	Lung nodules There is no cause of concern for ct scan causing cancer. You should be more worried about these nodules, as not to be cancer. Interestingly you didn't mention bronchoscopy, cell cytology or biopsy , fluid culture or petscan. Some information missing! two years! you have to find out the cause of these nodules. Thanks.
1376213	Can I have unprotected sex while on my last of period just spotting when taking Lo Loestrin Fe birth control pill? Or will I get pregnant?	?Birth control If you are on Birth control pills, they protect you from getting pregnant, even during you period, which by the way would not be an optimal time that you would get pregnant anyway, as you are not near the time you would ovulate.
83918	Severe reaction to a bee sting on the top of my foot. Swollen and painful. What can I do to reduce swelling and pain?	Er or primary md Initially cold will help and antiinflammatories such as anvil or Motrin if not contraindicated. Reaction can be treated with oral steroids if necessary.
6744595	The are two tears in my external meniscus, as well as an ACL sprain and two 1 cm cysts in my left knee. There will be a requirement for a surgery eventually. in the meantime, how can I manage the pain. I was taking Morphine 2mg and that wasn't helping. no	Best answered by Ur- -treating surgeon. He/she is familiar with what symptoms U have. If U have swelling, locking, giving way & pain, U R causing damage 2 Ur joint articular cartilage. This can lead 2 life long consequences. Discuss with Ur surgeon, get the pros & cons. Then it up 2 U 2 decide which course 2 follow. Make an informed decision.
6668375	Hi, I'm having severe pains on the left side of my belly (by my ribs) and also on my right breast, I'm getting really scared and I feel sick Pls help?	Nondiagnostic More information is needed to make a diagnosis. This upper abdominal pain could be due to inflammation of the stomach lining(gastritis), peptic ulcer, pancreatitis, or even gall bladder problems. Since discomfort is severe and persistent, you must be examined as soon as possible. Go to the hospital emergency room where proper examination and testing will be done.
6753889	Sudden single painless red bump on head of penis with a small indent in the center (pimple like). should I be running to the doctor or wait it out?	PENIS PIMPLE IT WOULDNT HURT TO SHOW IT TO YOUR PCP. OR A DERMATOLOGIST. IT COULD BE ANY NUMBER OF SKIN CONDITIONS. BEST LUCK
871808	4 mnth of weakness, arms tingling, neck numness and nausea. All test ok. Can someone look at my head/neck/spine MRI http://hladilo.Com/nikolina/?	Limitations: 1. Not viewed on high resolution monitor 2. Not compared with older studies other than that i agree, you look fine.
6732375	Is it fibromyalgia? Neck pain- front & back near skull, shoulder, si joint,anxiety, worse when sleeping awkardly. chiro said tight muscles everywhere	There R specific- -physical & historical that R used 2 diagnose fibromyalgia. All these factors must B met 2 consider that as a diagnosis. See a rheumatologist, not a DC 4 definitive diagnosis.
871802	For 2 years: dizzy, tired, pain/tingling in hands & feet, hair loss, hot, pee a lot, thirsty, hungry. +mono & +ana. No dm 2, anemia, or thyroid prob.	Diet Must be poor for these symptoms are easily produced when cellular energy is impaired. Stop all forms of sugar and sweeteners. See my blog (oxygen the spark of life".
297067	Can i still have pre eclampsia with no protein in urine and blood pressure is normal. The only symptom I have is eye floaters.?	Depends While having just visual changes and no elevation of blood pressure is not commonly seen with preeclampsia it can happen on occasion. Those patients may have other problems like rapid weight gain, headaches and abnormal kidney and liver functions preceeding the elevated BP and protein . The usual visual changes are lights or spot before eyes not floaters.
6700704	My boyfriend used Monistat n I used diflucan. He's uncircumcised. Do you know how I contracted another yeast infection ?	Recurrent yeast Vaginal yeasts are rarely acquired from other persons. Yeasts are normal in our intestines and often in the vagina. New yeast symptoms are not from a new infection, but because your own natural yeast has grown to increased numbers and/or the body is having an allergy-like reaction to it. If symptoms recur frequently, talk with your doc about preventing them with a diflucan dose once a week.
311549	When my hCG levels didn't rise after 140, dr told me to expect a period for an early miscarriage. It was a light long period for two weeks. Two weeks after i took a pg test and it immediately said pregnant. Why is that? Shouldn't my hCG levels be under 5	HCG You still have HCG in the blood, could be ongoing pregnant, incomplete miscarriage, or possible ectopic pregnancy. No need to panic, but I have concern - check with your doctor again this week.
1162151	I have a dry cough with chest congestion and wheezing...Sometimes when i cough i cough mucus. What can I do or take  to help my congestion /wheezing?	Treat wheezing Cough can induce wheezing but like anything in an enclosed system when there are spasms of the airways, this may also come out as cough with wheezing. See your doctor and treat the wheezing and inflammation, make sure you have a diagnosis. You can take a mucolytic or expectorant to make the coughing easier, but treat the wheezing, foremost.
1546457	My Alkaline Phosphatase is 139, my AST is 77 and ALT 143..What is wrong?	Lab results You may have a liver problem . See you foctor to get checked out for hepatitis
268199	Do hepatitis b vaccinations expire at some point?	Not yet Boosters are not suggested as yet.
1090664	I feel like the muscle/nerve at the back of my knee is strained, extending from hamstring to calf when i straighten my leg. What is wrong/should i do?	Baker's cysts You could have a baker's cyst in that area. See a knee orthopedic specialist, who can sort things out.
691340	I got an epidural shot when i was in labor with my daughter and the needle hit a nerve in my right leg my leg and went numb all throughout my labor?	That is a likely Result from the medication used during labor for pain relief. If you have an ongoing problem with the numbness, contact your anesthesiologist.
644144	I am having pain under my right shoulder, by scapular area that radiates down my arm and fingers causing tingling and numbness in my right arm. ?	See doc This is an irritation of one of the nerves in you neck/arm. Hard to tell exactly where. Because there are many potential causes you should see your doc to get it straightened out.
6785733	I'M ON HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE 25 MG FOR SWOLLEN FEET AND ANKLES AND BLOOD PRESSURE FOR DAYS NOW. HOW LONG BEFORE THE SWELLING GOES DOWN?	Low Dosage Hi You are on a low starting dose of HCTZ. You have been on the medicine for days, by now you should have noticed that the swelling has decreased. However the 25 mg. tablet is a very low dose. I don't know how many times a day that you take the tablet. With the information you have provided I think you need to increase the dosage to at least 100 mg. a day. Thanks for asking your question.
1012441	Is chest pains , headaches , being dizzy and frequent urination and fatigue and lower abdomnal pains signs of pregnancy ?	Unclear Those can be associated with pregnancy, though of course they don't have to be. Best is to take a home pregnancy test when you miss your period.
6684692	I had stomach flu 5 days ago. The vomiting/diarrhea stopped, but now I eat anything and get massive gas and have yellow stool, or diarrhea again. ?	Still healing Even though you've recovered from your gastrointestinal infection, some effects still remain. It may take a while for the inner lining of the intestines to heal and for normal digestion to return. During this time, you should increase fluid intake, eat bland foods and avoid alcohol, beans, fatty foods & raw veggies. Limit dairy products to yogurt, lactaid & a bit of cheese. You'll be fine soon.
743100	What side effects are commonly associated with a hepatitis b vaccination?	Minor discomfort Fever, usually a low degree, and local reaction such as pain at the injection site.
6787381	I have a rash on face,neck,upper arms and little on thigh. Not bad but little itchy. Got flu and pneum shot 28and took my 3rd dose of Humira on 2. ??	See rheum and derm You need to see your rheumatologist and dermatologist. These symptoms are important and need to be clarified to design your total therapy.
620846	Runny nose and super duper itchy sore throat ... Also sometimes when i sneezing my ear hurts. What could this be?	Runny nose and itch The symptoms of runny nose, sneezing and itching are consistent with allergies. The ear discomfort that comes with sneezing can be seen with "eustachian tube dysfunction" where nasal congestion leads to poor functioning of the tube connecting the middle ear to the throat. Once the congestion is relieved, so will the ear pain. An allergist can assist in identifying the trigger of the symptoms.
1431097	Pregnant? I had period july 7-9 and had sex on july 21st-22. went to ER for white vaginal discharge cramps, fever back pain fluid in uterus all normal	Pregnancy It is unlikely that you are pregnant. A pregnancy test should give you reassurance. A urinary tract infection and/or sexually transmitted disease/infection could cause persistent pain in the back and ovaries. See your gynecologist for an examination.
867930	Had cortisone shot for tennis elbow this am and whole area of arm around where shot was given feels numb. What's wrong?	See details The doctor may have used a combination of a cortisone and a local anesthetic in the shot which could account for the localized numbness. Give it a little time. If it does not resolves within a few hours, call the doctor.
1128175	Bubbly sounds in abdomen, tenderness over liver, yellow watery diarrhea x3 days, t & a 3 weeks ago, should I be worried?	Have test done You may have had antibiotics recently as you had surgery, and in these cases, we worry about opportunistic infections such as c. Diff causing certain symptoms and diarrhea is certainly one. It may be simple gastroenteritis, but making sure is always prudent.
565794	I have itchy red spots on my higher thigh and pubic hair region.	Infection? Sometimes when people shave this area, they can get infection around the hair follicles. Herpes simplex can also start out like itchy red bumps. A health provider should examine you and see what this rash is and if there are medicines that can make you feel better.
6730600	Dr & I feel hard lump on side of breast under arm, mamm and U.S. Show nothing. My moms mom at my age had same kind lump was cancer, could it be same ?	Family history If your mother had breast cancer at your age, then you are certainly at elevated risk, but you're already doing the right thing by getting examined with a mammogram and ultrasound. Keep doing this yearly if you are concerned and discuss the rest of your family history with your doctor. Any ovarian cancer? Maybe you might need genetic testing to determine your true risk.
636987	Nasal congestion w/ clear mucus for weeks now.Took benadryl, claritin&neti pot doesn't work.Is this spring allergies.What should I do now?	Nasal Symptoms See an ENT specialist. .. Allergies and infections are both possible.
655275	People aren't understanding my ? I had ANA 1:80 speckled ESR29fat malabsorption unknown cause , POTS syndrome is this a indication scleroderma no skin issues, no Raynaud's phenomenon. all started post pregn	See below Just because you have a +ana, you may not have any autoimmune processes that are causing problems. Scleroderma is rather uncommon, but it is autoimmune in nature. A rheumatologist specializes in these types of disorders. There are countless tests that can be done to determine, what, if any, autoimmune conditions you have and treatment can be started thereafter.
6741325	Ultrasound showed g-sac&no embryo/beartbeat Doctor said i was 6 weeks along& hcg levels r 1600. Is it normal not 2 see embryo or yolk sac this early?	Doubtful. At 6 weeks both a fetal pole and yolk sac should be seen if the dating is correct and ultrasound technique is optimal. However, quantitative hCG of 1600 does not correspond to 6 weeks from LMP
365030	My one month old granddaughter has a rash on her arms and legs with her hands and feet swollen what could this be?	Pedaitric dermatolog Can not reel from description. It is most likely eczema but there are a number of conditions that occur shortly after birth. If pediatrician is unclear see pediatric dermatolgist who has training in pediatrics and dermatology.Bthis will probably resolve within a few months, but definitlely have grandchild evaluated at large mufti doctor practice or at university dermatology program.
1487601	Stay asleep for 2-3 hours , sore fore arms , muscle weakness , tremors,  stiffness in face    , sick to stomach been happening for a while help?	See details Then see a doctor and have the issues evaluated. ,there are numerous possible causes.
893759	Sharp pain in pelvic left side, very faint + pregnant test before m. Period, brown spotting, sharp burning breast pain, sore armpit/neck lymph?	Go to the Doctor There is so much here i think most of us would agree that you need to be seen at your gynecologist's office. There is little here we can say to reassure you or explain what is happening.
548308	Underweight, low blood pressure, fast and slow resting hbr, achy legs and arms, breathless with stairs and dizzy spells. Is it my heart?	Don't know It could be your thyroid, an autoimmune disease, just your heart, a lung/heart circulation problem . ... See a physician and get to work at getting to the bottom of it.
6646854	9yr old has bad gas & stomach ache daily for months with occasional migraine headache .stool samples were takin and parasite/ infection was ruled out?	Gas you need to have a food diary. Try to rule out the common things first. Try to use lactaid milk or exclude dairy products for five days to see if this helps. Then try to exclude other foods to see if this helps
656575	I woke up to sore breast and armpits, right one has a lump very sore left one just sore. What to do?	Lump See a doctor.
1519669	Why won't my toenail stop being painful after a year post surgery removed dead skin but still painful it's the side where the nail was removed pain?	Perhaps The nail is too wide and digs into the skin. There is a procedure to make the nail less wide.
595179	My 2 1/2 yo was treated w/ amoxicillin for an ear infection. As soon as finished med he spiked another  fever. Is it possible that amox  didn't work?	Yes The failure rate of any antibiotic in otitis media runs around 5% for 1st treatment cycle with increasing failure rates for each successive round for that infection. It may have worked initially while another resistant germ moved in & started a new infection. Recheck & re-treatment may be needed, or the fever could be from another issue.
336889	Hi I am having red itchy rashes on the cleavage. I have heavy breast. Doctor prescribed travocort cream. But it does not seem working and getting wors?	Request antifungal Often, a steriod is not sufficient, as yeast is often involved. Especially if the rash is on the underside, where the breast folds onto the underlying skin. If this is so, you might request an antifungal cream, ointment, or powder, and see if this helps.
1233241	Please advise if it's likely that i will experience cardiac arrest or heart failure while i sleep after a caffeine overdose?	Caffeine overdose What happens to you after a caffeine overdose is highly dependent on your condition going into the od. If you were otherwise normal, your risk would be far lower than if you had serious cardiac disease. Overdosing on anything is bad.
375447	Taking jolessa birth control, feeling numbness. Hello, I am taking jolessa birth control and the past few days I have had numbing in the legs, arms, and  fingers. I have been smoking regularly and i'm worried this could be a blood clot. It gets numb to th	Smoking Smoking is contrindicated when taking birth control pills. People who smoke are at risk for blood clots if they continue to smoke while on birth control. Numbness, tingling and pain in your arms, legs and fingers can certainly be signs of poor circulation, resulting from a blood clot. Also, these symptoms can be related to other neurologic disorders or nerve damage. These symptoms should be taken seriously. It is crucial you see your doctor right away. If the symptoms are severe, get help and call 911.
242221	If my child is 10 months old, how much Mucinex should I give him for chest congestion with no fever?	Cough medicines It is recommended not to give cold or cough medicines to infants and children less than 6 years old because they are ineffective in what they are supposed to help. Maintaining good hydration and providing good humidification either in the air or in the nose are all you need.
856527	Do you think a 16yr old that has bloating and feeling pressure in abdomen for 4 weeks have stomach cancer?	No. Not stomach cancer. But, if your symptoms are not improving, would recommend that you see your pediatrician.
379807	Itchy red rash with bumps/ lumps all over back and stomach and legs appears and disappears	Many possibilites There are many types and causes of skin rashes. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
563220	Hypertension in the age of 17?  Hyperuricemia, episodes of hematuria, anemia, heart block a-v i, dizziness, headaches, nausea...	Constellation of Symptoms merits further evaluation with your physician as there is too much going on than can be adequately here.
373474	Is a brace necessary for sports after ACL surgery? I am an athlete and am having ACL replacement surgery so that i can continue to be active. Will i need to use a brace to support my knee for the rest of my life when playing sports?	No Studies show a brace is not needed after successful surgery for acl but does help with confidence in the first year.
1510531	My last menstrual period was 3. September and now is late 10 days. I had unprotected sexual contact with my boyfriend but he finished outside. Pregnan?	Test Suggest a home pregnancy test. Remember pre-cum is teeming with sperm and is just as effective at causing pregnancy. If pull-out is your only form of birth control then I suggest the home pregnancy test followed by a trip to the OB/Gyn to look into OCP or other more reliable birth control if you want to avoid becoming pregnant.
726410	Constant fatigue, headaches, muscle weakness, tire very easily, insomnia, occasional chest pains ie hurts to breathe and frequent bowel movements?	Med eval Hello. This one will require a medical evaluation. The constellation of symptoms and pmh make it too complex to venture a guess.
1380562	Is it ok to take cod liver oil, vitamin b, iron supplements, vitamin d along with multivitamins everyday? or is it too much?	Likely too much If you are eating a mixed diet and drinking milk, you probably do not need any supplements. You should avoid iron supplements. If you must, take a multivitamin without iron.
77363	After how long, is it safe to take a blood pressure on someone who has had a mastectomy?	Depends Always try to use the good unaffected side first ---but if a few sentinel nodes removed it is okay if you have to but not by the automatic machine that goes to 300 first- do manually. If full lymph node dissection avoid that side at all cost use leg - calf any thing elsewhere as BP cuff used too high is worse then needle sticks done infrequently.
728128	One side of my nose is red and swollen making it hard to breathe while the other side is just red and a bit swollen for months, what can I take?	Possible infection Sometimes the inside of the nostrils becomes infected and can cause the tip to become red and swollen. It usually improves with antibiotics applied inside the nostrils or oral antibiotics. If these measures don't work then may be autoimmune attack or vasculitis affecting cartilages. Since these can affect any cartilage in body then see md.
650835	Hi... If my MRI was clear from neck ears eyes! and i've had vertigo & or vertigo symtoms 14 weeks now! dizziness headaches pressure what could it be?	Vertigo A detailed history and thorough examination can help your physician to establish the correct diagnosis. If the MRI and hearing examination are normal, you could be experiencing benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, a condition where naturally occurring calcium crystals in the inner ear, becomes dislodged. Migraines with vertigo, meniere's disease, and labyrinthitis are other possibilities.
151153	What knee MRI mean? Lateral meniscus: abnormal anterior horn at and adjacent to the root ligament attachment. Tear and early meniscal cyst formation.	Talk w Ortho Surgeon The MRI report mentions a tear and an adjacent cyst. Not all tears and cysts need surgical intervention, but a thorough history, examination, and review of your MRI findings by an orthopaedic surgeon will allow you to make the decision that is correct for your situation.
1321944	Went to docs, told I had viral infection and gave me nystan for my tongue. feeling worse, worse headache, sore throat, kidney and chest pains, help?	Call them back Your doctor just saw and examined you - let him/her know you're worse. Call the doctor back before they go home for the day.
327507	Could i be pregnant if i had a brownish discharge and am spotting before my missed period? I've also been sleeping a lot and have tender breasts. I took two pregnancy tests but both were negative	Possibly Could be something else, you need to check a blood preg test.
1464384	I am 27 years old and I have been on birth control from the time I became sexually active and stopped in 2009. I have been trying to get pregnant sinc?	Fertility Your pill doesn't cause fertility issues, so if you've been trying for a year or more its time to see at least a general gynecologist for an evaluation. I probably would start using some ovulation prediction kits as well. Your GYN will probably recommend them anyway.
803797	Symptoms: headache (whole body ache actually), nausea, diarrhea, vomiting and occasional fever. Does this sound like the flu?	Multi-symptoms Sounds more like u need to be checked. Contact your pcp.
1219367	3/6/14loss of vision dizzy urge to pass out funny feeling in head/ears. Still crawly feeling across back of head feel out of it nausea dizzy & emotional chiro/gp say migraine eye dr not convinced ?	If Your symptoms are persisting for so long, time to talk to neurologist and r/o other neurological diseases.
1389378	Filling a month ago, sensitive to cold only. dentist said that is ok if not sensitive to hot also. does that sound right?	Sensitivity to cold Sensitivity to cold is much less serious than sensitive to hot. Many times this will go away without treatment, does your bite feel normal?
1549815	I have constant pain in my uterus. White blood cells in urine but no infection. I feel weak and tired. I have been spotting for 9 days?	Any constant pain should have an exam by a doctor. There are too many unknowns and too many variables to give you a definative answer on an internet forum. Pain is there for a reason, and usually it is to clue you that something is not right. I also find it confusing for your statement that you have white blood cells in your urine but no infection. Maybe the test is wrong. WBC in urine are not a normal finding
777735	What to do if I have a viral infection, symptoms: fever, sore throat, and cold symptoms. What could it be?	Respiratory virus! Good afternoon, with symptoms of sore throat, runny nose and fever probably, you are likely suffering from a viral respiratory infection. These will run their course of about a week. During this time, symptomatic relief can be achieved by taking medications such as ibuprofen, claritin, and sudafed. Hope you feel better soon.
227159	What is the life expectancy for an 83 year old man with diagnoses of alzheimer's, parkinson's, and lewey bodies dementia?	Hard to be specific The short answer is that an 83 year old man with serious medical conditions has a limited life expectancy. Being more specific would require knowledge of many different specific details related to this person. This persons physician would be in a much better position to give a realistic answer. Signs that someone is nearing death due to dementia include weight loss and decline in walking.
6654441	My right nipple is sore/hurts slightly when I touch it.My breasts are not sore nor hurt and there is no redness,burning,itching.This is after period.
?	Abrasion/dryness First try using some lanolin to see if it gets better. If it doesn't improve please see a provider for evaluation.
397090	Will total knee replacement help my problem? Both legs from knees to feet ache all day and night. Top of feet sore to touch. Walking 20 to 30 minutes is extent of mobility time. Must sit for a few minutes.	Please Please see an orthopedic specialist for a complete evaluation of your knees if you haven't done so. If your x-rays show "bone on bone" arthritis, where your joint space is completely obliterated, and you have failed bracing and nsaids such as advil, then you may need a knee replacement. Possibly though you have another diagnosis such as neuropathy, which is a nerve condition of your legs, or even vascular disease such as claudication. You need a complete workup to find out for sure.
1402025	I often hear a swooshing blood flow sound in my head and feel a pressure like when hanging upside down.  MRA=normal.  MRI=trace mucosal thickening w/in anterior ethmoid sinuses.  What could it be?	Inner ear MRI is suggesting possible mild chronic sinus disease that can cause inner ear dysfunction. If you have history of allergies, sinus issues, congestion would suggest seeing ENT.
1258438	Dentist prescribed antibiotic/pain med for tooth abscess yesterday, today I am still in pain/face is swollen/gum and lip are now numb is this normal?	Call dentist? Infection may be resistant to medicine.
507548	What are the direct cause of high testosterone & hormonal changes which is causing me bad acne. How to control the levels, should I stop masturbating!?	No Masturbation has nothing to do with acne. Measage me for more info on acne treatments.
6748781	Right eye blurry very dizzy right leg and arm numb. Came on very sudden also feeling veru weak and tired.	ER NOW!!! Alarming symptoms. Go to ER now for assessment.
312775	I had an ovarian cyst drained on my right side now I have a cyst on my left ovary. What's my chances of getting pregnant , will I have a hard time?	Depends It really depends on what is going on. You really need to figure out what type of cysts they are and whether there is any evidence of endometriosis. Cysts themselves do not cause infertility but you want to prevent unnecessary surgery every time these cysts develop.
1597251	I have a had a cold for about 8 days (sore throat & stuffed nose ) & also ear infection  but only today i had orange mucus from only my right nosetril?	Sinusitis You need to see your doctor for possible sinusitis for treatment with antibiotics.
1557480	Had a CT done for chest pain to check for blood clots, would they have seen if I had lung cancer or something if they weren't looking for it in the ER?	Doubtful No- if nothing was noted, in all probability it is not cancer.
717864	My friend had a fever, headache, sore throat and he has swollen lymph nodes in neck, what is the cause and how to cure him?	Infection Lymph glands enlarge for a number of reasons, but the most common is infection. Fever, sore throat, and nodes can be viral (cold, flu, mono, for example) or could be bacterial, especially strep throat. Viral diseases will get better with time, but strep would need antibiotics. When in doubt, check with your doctor.
1413316	I have been dizzy sore throat lethargic head aches sore ear body aches and I have vomited once any ideas on what I might have?	How long? If this is just starting in the last 1-2 days you could be developing strep throat. See your doctor for an exam and test.
1377134	21 weeks pregnant.  Taking Flagyl for four days and now have diarrhea and nausea.  Are these normal side-effects?  Baby has good heart rate and I am drinking lots of water but difficulty eating.	Yes Metronidazole could have such side effects. Do as you are doing now. Replenishing your lost fluids. For your lack of apetite eat small amounts but frequently.
6688691	Top right side of head periodic dull ache. CT w & w/o contrast- Normal, Dr ord 2 put mind at ease.  No other symptoms. What does this sounds like?	Benign HEADACHE It seems like benign periodic headache. If it gets worse MRI and Neuro Evaluation may be indicated
6688925	44 yr female, pain in right hand, head, face shoulder & neck. Unexplained bruising on  right leg, foot and arm.	Seek consultation This constellation of symptoms should be evaluated as soon as possible to rule out any complicating condition that may be prolonging your recovery or those that might be more serious. Additional information is needed. Please see your primary care physician who will know more about your medical history and can make an accurate diagnosis. You do not want to ignore these symptoms.
1378806	How can you tell if you had a vacuum assisted breast biopsy or just an automatic gun? They went in, there was a loud sound twice, removed needle,dumped sample out and repeated this a few times.	Ask Why not ask the person who performed the biopsy how it was done?
990911	Have asthma, using albuterol/neb q4hr, prednisone 40 mg/day, both past two days. Not improving. Hear wheeze w/fast exhale with stethoscope. I'm an rn.	Get yourself to a Dr As an rn - you must know the lyrics. If your self-care is not adequate - go for the extra help. These attacks can be brought under control in an er - then you can recover fairly quickly and move on. If they linger or worsen, they do not do nearly as well. You know this. Be safe. Get help. Get better.
980632	Bought a sinuflo ready rinse and as soon as i sprayed it up my nose i had rapid heartbeat/leg/arm weakness/ bad dizziness.It has benzalkonium chloride?	Could be a med rxn Just try this with salt water.. . http://www.amazon.com/sinupulse-elite-advanced-irrigation-system/dp/b001cwt4ji.
1345323	I've been seeing blood in my urine for over a year. Also have protein.  My legs and feet are swelling.  Doc says I'm normal. Is it?	Not normal Blood and and protein in the urine accompanied by swelling suggests a problem with kidney function. Perhaps what the doctor was referring to was the anatomy of your urinary tract, which is distinct from kidney function. Tests measuring. Kidney function may hep sort this out.
1448594	Have a quarter size red, severely itchy spot w/ whitehead on my ankle. I had 1 previously on my calf & treated it as 
ringworm. When I itch it seems to gets swollen. 
?	You have to Try your best not to itch , this makes the problem worse. You can be spreading fungus or bacteria when you scratch as your nails are burrowing into the skin. If you feel it's ringworm then that would be a fungus so apply an antifungal agent rub with finger tips don't scratch with nails.
686837	Mother in icu. Skin infection from mid back to left breast. Red, hot, raised, with blisters and dark purple streaks. Kidney level 15. Cardiac enzyme high. Chest pain. Short breath. What to expect?	Need to discuss w/dr Sounds serious but too little information given for intelligent answer. Your mother's doctor will be able to give you better answer than this forum. I suggest you make a list of your specific questions and ask the ICU nurses to arrange a time when you can meet with her drs. This will help you organize your thoughts and help the dr. Understand your concerns as well.
819141	One side of labia minors is itching. No discharge, odor, or burning. What could it be? Irritation from pads?	Dermatitis Contact dermatitis, such as you would get from using pads that are irritating to your skin could cause this. So could a yeast infection of your labia. You can try to put some over the counter Hydrocortisone cream or some anti-fungal cream such as monistat on the area and see if either of the 2 helps. Hope that helps!
6654800	I have severe dandruff and currently using ketoconazole shampoo. however it is not helping. My scalp is itchy and flakes are visible. Pls help ?	Scalp psoriasis, see dermatologist
1518744	Nausea, sore neck, eyes feel sore, sweaty palms, no fever, Pain in RT nasal bone area. Pain in RT back of head. No appetite?	Sounds Viral Do you have a fever?? Drink plenty of fluids, take TYLENOL for pain (Directions on bottle) Keep your dishes separate and stay at home/rest!! Wash your hands frequently and if you sneeze or cough keep your elbow over your nose. .mouth Finally when you are better, GET A FLU SHOT! Hope this helps Dr Z
1507792	I been on Depo-Provera for 3yrs recently I been getting cramps and smell like I'm on my period but I'm not bleeding at all I haven't had my period for months ?	Visit doctor I suggest you visit your doctor for an examination. You could have a vaginal infection causing these symptoms
6738358	I'm on day 6 of recovery from tonsillectomy. I cough up some pieces of scab last night. Should I be eating foods to help the scabs fall off?	TONSILLECTOMY SCABS I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT THERE ARE ANY SPECIAL FOODS TO EAT THAT WILL HELP THE SCABS FALL OFF. YOU CAN ASK THE DOCTOR WHO DID THE SURGERY WHAT ANY BEST FOODS MIGHT BE. I WOULD IMAGINE THAT SOFT FOODS AND LOTS OF LIQUIDS WOULD BE APPROPIATE. GOOD LUCK.
1313157	Why do my arms go numb when I clean house? I tilt my head side to side it hurts down my neck chest and back in the areas where suspenders would go	Probably pinched nerve at neck, but it could be angina especially if it is on left side. You need medical evaluation, so go see your doctor.
6786147	Hi. I've been having headaches on and off for about 3 months. recently I began having neck and back pain, like a soreness, and shoulder numbness. I do not have a fever. There's a soreness in my throat when I talk. also, for the last 2 nights, I've been ha	Not sure but a virus/ cold can always give you weird isolated symptoms. Or a sinus infection, which can cause postnasal drip down your throat and causing sore throat. The muscle soreness stuff is probably viral too.
973659	Why does the outside of my vagina swell when i apply yeast infection cream?	Sensitivity You are sensitive to the medication.
527164	Will keyhole surgery to remove ovarian cyst ruin sex?	No No.
1496528	Pain in upper left side of chest. Corresponding ache in left wrist. 21, active. EKG, stress test, and enzymes ALL GOOD. Heart issue? Kind of worried.	Your being sold bill of goods(fear) for money. While atherosclerosis begins on average at age 7 (US autopsy studies for over ~8 decades), heart arteries enlarge, not narrow (see: http://goo.gl/aRhOU2); even angiograms, much less all stress tests, do not detect complications of disease until much older (rare exceptions). Most chest pains, esp if not lower central sternal, not heart. Optimize NMR lipoproteins, HbA1c, BP
882605	I am taking singulair for my asthma everyday. Can i still put on my asthma machine ?	No relation Singulair acts as a suppressor / preventer for your asthma / allergies, it does not impact your other breakthrough or preventer meds at all. Use your mdi(s) and/or nebulizer as prescribed by your dr.
1239099	Uncomfortable achiness in lower lung/chest both sides, w/ productive cough & irritated asthma. No fever/sore throat/cold. 3-5 days. Should i see dr?	Yes ; soon Before you get into deeper trouble.
834438	I have severe external vaginal itching and feel like it is scratched no smell/discharge. Burns when i pee & makes itch worse. Bf now has itch on penis?	Yeast Most likely a yeast infection, even if you have no discharge, but there are other possible causes, so see your doctor for an exam & cultures (if needed). And make sure your bf gets treated as well; otherwise he will just pass it back to you after you get rid of it.
623769	History of DVT w/vinecava filter tightness above knee w/swelling in calf and ankle itching behind the knee and aching on lovenox 120 sub Q2x day new clot?	New clot is possible Although you are anticoagulated with lovenox, it is still possible to have a another clot. The fact that you have a ivc filter should protect you from developing a pulmonary embolism. You may need to switch your anticoagulation agent to another low molecular weight Heparin or xarelto or warfarin.
6727396	I'm 3 days late and have been experiencing what seems like a horrible menstrual but I never get pms symptoms. Cramps, back aches, fluttering in belly, dizzy and slightly queasy.. sore nipples to the touch. Could I be pregnant?	Do Pregnancy test Possibility of Pregnancy. Do a home pregnancy test and if positive make appointment to see your M.D. And if negative and still no menses, wait a day or two and repeat.
369529	My knee is swollen , itchy , red, hot to touch and painful in an area, could this be a boil or something else?	Could be. It could be a boil, could be something else - like an infection or arthritis in the knee joint. Don't take chances with your knees - if it is something significant, you won't be able to walk without proper treatment. See your doctor and find out for sure what it is.
1384647	No symptom for period this month. The blood test result shows that I am not pregnant. However, my breast is very soft now, am I pregnant?	Late Reasons for missed/late periods: low body weight, obesity, marked weight ^ or v, over-exercise, endurance athletics, breast-feeding, ^ stress, illness, eating disorders (bulimia or anorexia), anovulatory cycle (no egg released), travel, hormone irregularities, drug use, meds (i. e., birth control) or medical problems (i.e. PCOS). #1 reason is pregnancy.
185506	I have fibrocystic disease and at times my breasts really hurt during mammogram. Does stopping caffeine help?	Fibrocyctic disease Caffeinated beverages ( coffeee, soda etc) have been shown to have significant correlation with breast tenderness in the case of fibrocyctic disease of the breast. Stopping your caffeine intake, may help reduce/relive the breast pain, in general. In addition, you may want to take nsaids for pain relief and also can try cold compress.
1155047	Had a short spotty period three weeks ago pregnancy test both urine and blood both negative .Can i still be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1603378	What diseases a peripheral blood smear shows? Can it show that there is an infectious disease or viral?	Many many Blood and other disorders including Infectious disease/viral and bacterial! Hope this helps! Dr Z
792329	Most doctors say that it takes between 4-8 weeks for antibodies for HSV 1/2 to show up in blood.  Is this for IgG or IgM antibodies?	IgM antibodies come About a week before igg antibodies. Hsv may be diagnosed by viral culture and/or microscopic examination of scrapings from a lesion.
858253	Been having headaches & pains n my head very scared for a anueryums i've had a mra dec2012 & MRI 4-18-13 & CT 2wks ago neck pain also what could it b?	Not Aneurysm The vast majority of headache and neck pain are not related to aneurysum. Roll with the suggestions given to you by the doc who ordered the ct scan of the neck.
1358327	Can wellbutrin 150mg XL taking with Zoloft and Risperdal and can help this dosage depression?	Yes, it can work Give it a try, trust your doctor.
1556825	While running at high speed i experience chest pain in the lower left side.Why? I am a healthy  guy with no history of heart condition.	See a doctor. Your symptoms are concerning and need thorough evaluation; please see your doctor or a cardiologist for a good diagnosis and treatment plan. Even without a history of heart disease, you must have a consultation.
1038071	How to know if you had an allergic reaction to anxiety meds. Through iv? Xanax, ativan, and morphine for chest? Arms feel heavy? I went to ER 4 times.	3 3 CNS depressants that provoke dependency, tolerance, and can cause death for respiratory depression when combined unwisely or at a certain dose. Your question is referred to heaviness in arms and allergic reactions, signs of which i don t see in your description, possibly missing the real point. Ask your dr and report your symptoms, you might need some meds adjustment or change; maybe detox.
632634	I have seen that I have red spots on my bum cheeks and around my vaginal area , not sore but itchy at times , what caused this? And what can I do ?	Infection? You could be infected. See a gyn physician asap, please... Best luck!
632638	Surgery to remove an ovarian cyst next week. Do drs use stitches that disolve? Going away 2 weeks after sugery unsure if stitches will still be in?	Most likely they wil Use stitched that dissolve unless its going to be a big up and down incision ( the staples).
6623715	At 25 I had a CT scan for calcium and my score was 0. Can a lot change in 2 to 3 years regarding plaque ? Chest pain but stress echo was normal?	Chest pain unlikely Low probability your chest pain is cardiac and recheck calcium score at 40.
1309089	Clear mucus discharge w/ a bit of blood whn urinated on the 3rd of may had small cramps tht day.Im a day late period was due on may 5th.  Why?	Vaginal discharge Vaginal discharge requires an examination to determine the cause and treatment. Bacterial vaginosis is the most common cause and often has a vaginal odor. Vaginal itching can be a sign of a yeast infection. Sometimes vaginal discharge can be a sign of a sexual transmitted infection. Testing is important to determine the treatment. If you think you are pregnant then take a home test.
377155	I have been having  hives, i was put on predisone 10mg &diphenhydramine 25mg they usually appear at night, should I get a blood test?	Antihistamines Take a long acting antihistamine like Cetirizine or fexofenadine once or twice a day. If this controls your hives, they will usually resolve on their own over time.
1100914	I had sleep study done as a child nothing was found sleep apena was diagnosed today i think my TMJ and seroquel changed it i breath can I talk to pcp?	Yes Yes PCP. TMJ and sleep disorders can be related. A TMJ expert can often help with both disorders. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
710154	I want to know what is the difference in symptoms of urinary tract infection and kidney stones?	Can be similar Flank pain, blood in the urine, frequent urination and pain when urinating can all be cause by both of these problems. Typically, however, back, flank or groin pain predominates with kidney stones and pain during urination dominates in uti.
1403372	Im experiencing migraines, burning and tingling of the left foot/arm,thirsty,numbness of the face,exhaustion. What are these systems associated with?	Complex Migraine 1st episode, you should be evaluated to rule out more serious condition brain blood vessels. If recurs only with migraines, this may be a "Complex Migraine" or Complicated Migraine syndrome. These symptoms may include headaches with other neurologic changes, weakness, tingling and stroke like symptoms. Diabetes, changes in some of your body's electrolytes with dehydration may be related. Eval rec.
837198	What medications to use if you've already used gabapentin and lyrica?	Depends on problem These are anticonvulsants (seizure medications). They are also used for pain. So, the answer depends on why these are used. Sometimes other anticonvulsants could be considered. If for pain, the wider spectrum antidepressants (slightly newer drugs) are sometimes used for pain, including cymbalta.
179131	What does it mean to have a positive IgM but a negative IgG for mycoplasm?	Early vs late Igm is the immunoglobulin noted for coming out early in response to any illness, it fades over time while igg come out a bit later and stays up longer. If you have a positive IgM it indicates a early response, while igg would probably show up in a few months at which point the IgM would have declined.
205627	Urocit k good for the prevention of kidney stones?	Often Most kidney stone are formed of calcium and oxalate. Urocit k can reduce crystallization of these substances by adjusting the acid level of the urine and providing citrate. Citrate binds to urinary calcium so it can't bind to oxalate. If the stones are formed of other substances urocit k may not help. For most patients it may be beneficial.
602576	Hormone sensitive breast cancer 7 yrs ago; 3 small spots w breast cancer cells in lungs just showed; now using femara; should I stop using astaxanthin?	Doesn't matter now But it might depending on what the oncologist decides to do next. The supplement you are taking does not interact with Femara but they might want you to stop it when they change treatment. Good luck to you!
6708061	Severe onset of left shoulder blade pain that radiates down left arm & hand.Left arm also tingles.Whole left arm is weak. Neck is fine though.	Radiculopathy Pain that radiates down the arm can reflect a cervical radiculopathy (shooting pains due to a pinched nerve in the cervical spine). Many patients will have no associated neck pain. These conditions typically resolve with time and conservative treatment. It would be reasonable to watch it for a week or two, and use NSAIDs if needed, before seeing a physician.
1465528	My right tonsil is swollen no white spots but it looks like a bigger tonsil behind it dark colour neck glands/ear painful can't swallow without pain?	Seek medical care This may be an infection such as a peritonsilar abscess. This is an infection typically of a unilateral tonsil which presents with one sided throat pain radiating to the ear and there may be swollen glands on the side of the infection. Other possibilities could be neoplastic (cancer).
769369	Have a swollen neck lymph node left side and a clicking in throat when swallowing had blood test..Fbc, lft, ue thyroid (not on t4) ..All normal ?.Help	Throat clicking Have your internist check you out. If the lymph nose is bigger than a cm you should observe it or try an antibiotic to see if it responds. If not see an ENT doctor who will check out your nose and throat. The clicking with swallowing may just be normal unless you have early arthritis which i doubt. An ENT will check that out.
855711	I have chest pain i feel like my heart races fast then slow im 18 went to doctor and only gave me ibuprofen for swelling of chest...Would that help?:/	Chest pain It sounds like you are having runs of tachycardia. An ekg might be in order to verify the same. A referral to a cardiologist might then be in order.
6753982	I have red bumps around waste, arms, legs, buttocks. They take weeks to heal and scab dark after. I get itches. I have used Iverzine lotion. bug bite?	See your doctor See your doctor. You may have bites, such as scabies, that require special treatment. All the best.
1250175	Can fruit juice cause diarrhea in adults? When i eat certain fruits or drink any fruit juice i get diarrhea, dizziness and extreme tiredness.	Diarrhea and juice The basic fruit used in many fruit drinks is actually apple. Other juices are then added in for flavour. Some people do not tolerate apple juice well due to a poorly digested sugar in it called maltose. I'm actually not a fan of fruit juices due to the highly concentrated sugars in many of them. Whole fruits are better.
1404974	Healthy and fit guy. Low fever last Oct '13. Both my hands below wrist and finger joints started to pain. RA factor is normal. ESR elevated. Why? Thx!	Other inflammation There must be some other cause for the joint pain/swelling- has a full autoimmune panel been run on you I see that you're on methotrexate- do you know the reason? If your ESR is elevated then there is obviously some inflammation going on in your body, the question becomes why and what from. You likely need an ANA, anti-sm, Ro/SSA, La/SSB, anti(ds)DNA, anti-U1 RNP, Jo-1 antibodies, etc. to pinpoint
6723871	Weak/Sore upper arms, tremors, somewhat weak legs, stiff neck, tingling in feet and fingers, dizziness for months. Got MRI, clean. I'm 17, what is it?	Labs sssuming you had labs done like thyroid, ANA, sed rate, B12 to name a few.
1162657	Have what feels like a swollen vein in right temple, not too sore but i can feel it. Is this normal?	See a doctor Most likely this is just local irritation or inflammation. However, there is a condition called temporal arteritis which is an inflammatory condition involving the medium size arteries often on the side of the head. It can be associated with headaches, fever, hearing difficulties amongst other symptoms. If this condition persists or worsens, please see a doctor.
1414239	I have been getting a lot of moles lately. soon I'll be going to the doctor to see if I have melanoma. how do they check?	Yes Any changes in your moles should be brought to the attention of your friendly dermatologist. Remember the ABCDE's of melanoma. Melanoma that is caught in the earliest of stages is highly treatable.
1329145	I am pregnant and taking vaginal cream for bacterial infection. I have white clumpy discharge, without odor or itch or redness. Is it yeast?	Yeast Yes. It sure sounds like yeast.
1230117	My 10 month son has been getting staph infections on the diaper/groin area since birth. Any way to irradiate it?	Do not use Radiation on infections, or do you mean eradicate (get rid of it. I would see an infectious disease specialist for an opinion.
604485	Is the zzzquil nighttime sleep-aid safe to take during pregnancy?	See physician It is best to talk with your doctor.
1289993	What are beginning signs of small fiber neuropathy. I thought i had crps, but if i'm having tingling in both feet then it may be small fiber neuropath?	Small fiber neuropat Could be, needs testing for it autonomic function testing and skin biopsy.
6683965	Right arm is cold, esp. hand. Others notice it by touch. Also have wrist, inner elbow, shoulder pain. Hand Cold while sitting at computer or still?	Vascular issue? Coldness in the extremity is often a sign of some underlying vascular issue. See the Dr. and get your circulation in the arm assessed as part of a comprehensive history and physical examination. Best wishes.
1291861	If i took a flexeril  10 mg at 6 pm can I take a tramadol 50g now?	Should be okay Four hours apart should be sufficient time.
1289996	I have not gotten my period this month .. Iam not pregnant cause i'm not sexually active but I do take folic acid, iron, &flaxeed and fish oil vitamins?	Irregular menses Many women have irregular menses at some point. The length of your cycle as well as the flow of your menses may change based on stress levels, hormone levels, dietary and weight changes. I would keep a calendar with the days of your bleeding recorded as well as the flow description (heavy, light, etc). If your cycle does not return after a few more weeks, i'd seek a medical eval.
1330148	Can a fetus grow normally once laparoscopic surgery has done & nothing was found in the fallopian tube?Fetus was not in tubes drs did not enter uterus	Probably It could, but if you HCG levels were not rising like they should, which is why they might have done the laparoscopy, then it is unlikely to be a viable pelted nancy in the first place.
61825	What causes hip and knee joint pain in someone who is in their early 20s?	Depends If you are having a foot or ankle problem it will affect your knee and eventually your hip. If your legs are of different lengths you can experience this kind of pain from your gait abnormality that would result that you could be unaware of. I would visit your doctor and try to find out more.
1499984	What can cause 10+ mos chronic abdominal pain? Blood tests, barium swallow, gastroscopy, gallbladder all normal. No h. pylori. No diarrhea or vomiting	Several ideas When a patient has persistent abdominal pain despite negative tests it suggests that either the patient has a less common condition that hasn't been considered or tested for OR that the symptoms aren't due to a physical illness. It is not unusual for patients to experience actual pain in various parts of their bodies from psychological causes. When the mind is treated the pain goes away.
943426	If you have a fever then take antibiotics and the fever goes away but you still have a big painful lump could this be inflammatory breast cancer?My	Perhaps It could be an abscess in the breast although you would likely still have fever. But any mass in the breast could be cancer. Not necessarily inflammatory breast cancer but any new mass in the breast needs work-up including an exam. Mammogram and possibly ultrasound and maybe a biopsy.
6724618	Can peeing prevent pregnancy?
can showering or wiping prevent pregnancy if sperm comes in contact with vagina,vulva	No Urinating after sex can help prevent urinary tract infections, but does not reduce your pregnancy risk.
1069706	Had unprotected sex  4 days b4 expected ovulation. Been experiencing nausea, gas, bloating, metallic taste in mouth, etc period came 2wks later, prego?	You are not pregnant Having a period on time after a sexual encounter represents the very definition of not being pregnant. If you have any doubt then do a pregnancy test. One no longer in this society relies of ambiguous symptoms of hormonal fluctuation to determine pregnancy.
1181088	12 weeks pregnant.  I have immunity to rubella according to my IgG test. My IgM test came back positive. Should i be worried?	Are you sick? Rubella igm can stick around indefinitely after your immunization, or be a false-positive. I would stop worrying. Rubella is a terrible disease when it affects the unborn child, and it is still very much with us as evidenced by outbreaks in europe due to lack of immunization.
6627127	Is it normal to have increased anxiety and heart palpitations a couple of days before your period? I'm 18 and I get this every time. Taking Depakote	Intriguing late teenage female experiences ongoing anxiety & panic attacks on days of menses; she might study Hypermobitity Syndrome & dysautonomia. At each menses female body releases Relaxin, an hormone causal of cartilage & joint ligament tissue laxities. Mitral valve prolapse, w. floppy cartilaginous valve, is "signature" panic-attack symptom. P.O.T.S. is an extraordinary panic attack w. fainting, etc.
1470203	Pain in hip& leg, sudden hot flash, body sweating profusely, nauseous, upset stomach, dizziness, lightheadedness, had to strip inside car. 18yrs ol?	Anxiety Anxiety symptoms are not a sign of illness, they are the mind's ability to produce the "flight or fight" response which gives rise to many physiological changes include body pains, parasthesia, dry mouth, aphasia, tremor and sweating. Depending on the cause of your anxiety symptoms, your health care provider can recommend appropriate treatment.
1470201	Hi I have a swelling on my left side just above my collar bone been there for a year also have small lumps showing up in my throat tired sweating?	See pjysician You need an evaluation by your physician. A list of things that can cause your symptoms won't solve the problems.
1368077	Does it mean pregnancy when you have white bumps on your breasts and your nipples are getting darker? They also gotten bigger and very tender	Misinformed? Nope. Not at all. A missed period would come before there were true physical changes in your body. But, if you miss your period you should still test for pregnancy.
1132673	I haven't had period for two months. Feeling sick at random times of the day, smells bother me, breasts are sore pregnancy test came back negative?	Irregular bleeding Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
6793787	Relieving post op ear pain for adenoid tonsillectomy, and swelling relief.	Post proper age. I assume that you are asking about your child. Unfortunately only the age 10 yrs shows up, so there is a chance a precocious 10 year old is posting the question. We cannot answer questions posted by minors. Create an account in your name, with your age and location noted in the public profile, and then you may add that you are asking for a minor. Contact support@healthtap.com if this isn't clear
371279	What should I do about congestion and trouble breathing in the mornings? Every morning i wake up congested and short of breath. I don't have any pets and no known allergies. The congestion goes away as the day progresses. What could be causing this?	Congestion If your symptom are limited to the morning i would check to see if you are sleeping with a down pillow, or down comforter. In addition , if your room is dusty, you might have problems. Check your heating system. You may ned to change the filter. If you have plants or flowers in your bedroom you may want to remove them because of mold or pollen.
1195390	I have been experiencing burning when i urinate went to the doctor received STD and UTI test have been given phenazopyridine but it still burns?	Call doctor Did your doctor also give you some antibiotics? If still having pain, please call your doctor back and tell him/her about your continued pain when urinating. They have emergency call services and you could speak with the doctor on call.
841649	I think I've had a yeast infection for almost 2 weeks now, itching, burning, painful during sex, white discharge and smell is off. What do I do?	See doctor Make an appointment with your gynecologist and have cultures taken so you can be pit on proper medication.
6772851	'12 Ab. MRI. Told Lyme or MS. Treated for Lyme- symptoms nearly gone w/in 6 mnth. Symp. Returning, Neuro is saying MS. Anyone specialize in Lyme?	Yes See an infectious disease specialist.
1028182	What are the survival rates for a stage three breast cancer patient? Going to chemo and following doctor orders. And what to expect..Symptoms etc..	Ask your oncologist Most women with breast cancer do very well. Yet stage 3 breast cancer does carry risk of relapse despite good treatments. So be alert and follow instructions and remain under supervision of your doctor(oncologist) for 5-10 years.
1501117	Treatments options for l5/s1 disc extrusion that effaces the s1 nerve root along with mild anterposterial congenital spinal stenosis of the lumbar spi?	You're the patient.. ...not the MRI. You didn't just wander into an MRI facility one day & make an impulse purchase. You saw a doctor with symptoms & signs and that's why an MRI was done. You need to repost with WHY you got the MRI.
1569118	Just getting over walking pneumonia but today i woke up with a bad sore throat its killing me a stuffy nose hurts to swallow could i b get sick again?	Yes, you could. If you are finished with your antibiotics for your pneumonia, you could certainly have a new bacterial infection. Your symptoms are also consistent with a viral illness, which would not have been covered by the antibiotic taken for the pneumonia. I would recommend that you see your doctor tomorrow to help you figure this out and get you feeling better.
1215818	My lower back, lower abdomen and heart really hurt/feverish, nausea, chills, vomiting, trouble sleeping and walking, tired, dizzy. What can this be?	Lots of causes Fever ; chills suggest infection. Being sick could explain nause ; vomiting. Dehydration from throwing up could explain feeling tired ; dizzy. Unfortunately, w/o exam ; tests, we can't diagnose infection online although kidney infection ranks high on list. Best to go see your family doc immediately (or urgent care/er if s/he isn't available). Good luck!
1308509	I have scratching pain in cervix or uterus i had dark period had sex one month before. My husband is abroad could i be pregnant ? Bcz abdomen hurt .	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1495382	MRI report....multiple nonspecific small subcortical foci of T2 prolongation in the left cerebrum. I'm 43 and started having migraine with aura at 41.	Its unusual to start having migraine at 41. Vasculitis is a consideration. I would want to know if you had an elevated CRP, sed rate or a positive ANA test. Consultation with a neurologist is advised if not already done.
1216223	What might an ENT do for patient with persistent sinusitis? What should I expect? How commonly is surgery recommended?	CT scan An otolaryngologist may order a ct scan of the sinuses to see if there is a fluid build up or cysts present. He/she would decide if antibiotics are needed and advise you about techniques and medications to promote drainage. Surgery is a last resort.
1437801	Is there any benefit from using otravin nasal spray and fluticasone to alleviate nasal turbinates hypertrophy?	Nose Stay away from the OTC nasal sprays as they are addictive. Fluticasone is fine but takes three weeks to work. You need to look for a cause such as allergies. If none of that helps some people need an office procedure to reduce their size. See an ent and have them check your septum as well
336277	I am having on/off chest pain on the left side above the breast that gets worse the more try to breathe & pain/weakness radiating down left arm-worry?	Anything Chest pain could be a problem with skin, nerves, muscle, shoulder, lung, heart, or stomach. See your doctor for a more thorough history, physical exam and further evaluation.
1453209	29 weeks pregnant, iron is low but iron pills or prenatals make me sick. Anything recommended also have dizziness and panic attacks are these related?	Some ideas To boost the amount of iron in your diet, try these foods: Red meat, Egg yolks, Dark, leafy greens (spinach, collards), Dried fruit (prunes, raisins) Iron-enriched cereals and grains (check the labels) Mollusks (oysters, clams, scallops), Turkey or chicken giblets, Beans, lentils, chick peas and soybeans, Liver, Artichokes, And here's a tip: If you eat iron-rich foods along with vit C
610705	My mom has bloating, indigestion, nausea, heartburn, back pain, skin itchy, weakness and stomach discomfort for a few months now. What can it be?	Needs a work up She needs to see a physician and have a work up. There are about six diagnosis i can think of off the bat, but she needs tests, a work up and a good look at by an internist, or a GI doctor. Good luck.
1229353	Elbow cellulitis: on day 8 of azirthomycin. Only did 5 days of sulfameth bc of allergy. Bruise was gone 2 days in with both. Now it's back. What? Why?	Wrong abx If it improved with abx then recurred, it means that the organism causing the problem has not been killed. You need to consult an infectious disease doctor to make sure that this not from mrsa. By the way, Azithromycin is not that great a drug for cellulitis.
729025	Cat scan shows kidney stones in both kidneys. Largest 10mm right side. Had on and off dull low back pain and blood in urine. Can they cause damage?	Yes If the kidney stone blocks the flow of urine from the kidney, you can get permanent kidney damage, but that can take weeks to happen and is associated with severe pain. Also, kidney stones can become infected from pyelonephritis (kidney infection - not a typical urinary tract infection (uti)) and be challenging to treat. Please see your health care provider and consider a referral to urology.
6757192	Last thumb joint by nail hyperextends on its own. No known injury. Pain up arm toward elbow and under forearm after it happens. No arthritis. ?	Tendinitis You have hypermobility and that is why the thumb hyperextended this runs in families and is genetic . The pain may be tendinitis
307902	8 weeks pregnant i think? I missed my period had bad bad cramping now small cramps and sore sore sore breast!	See your MD Symptoms to watch for early on include a missed period, headaches, tender breasts, nausea and lower backaches. If you have been sexually active and are experiencing any of these symptoms, it is important to take a pregnancy test.
1154082	I had my mirena removed on october 9th 2013 and still not pregnant how long does it take?	Mirena If not pregnant by end of this year go see a gynecologist.
542875	Large red  itchy rash over both breasts tried ant fungal cream not worked appears to be spreading?	?impetigo It could be an infection. I recommend that you see your doctor or a dermatologist for a diagnosis. You may need an antibiotic.
6704943	I was wondering if hands that feel swollen along with wrist and numbness that turns hot, cold, and veins that turn red is a sign of artritis. I am 24?	Possibly You need to have a proper exam including blood tests,maybe xrays. Family history is also a factor.
333684	I have preeclampsia and on bed rest. I recently started feeling light headed fatigued a lil shaky, blurred vision occationally. 36 weeks 4 days. Amiok?	Call OB or go to ER Blurred vision is a sign things are getting out of hand. Call your OB for instructions or go to the er now. Do not wait !
486027	White spots grows on my foreskin of my penis and does not pain or itchy. Its been a week. It spreads to other places but it does not seems to worsten.	Vitiligo or fungus White spots can be due to a fungal infection or a condition called vitiligo. This is due to loss of cells or loss of mechanisms that create the dark pigment. Please make an appointment with your doctor to make a diagnosis.
920888	Is it unusual for an active person in the mid-30s to have mild thoracic degenerative disk disease?No known trauma.Xray also showed old fractured ribs?	Thoracic ddd Unfortunately, we sometimes see even progressive degeneration in the thoracic spine. Fortunately, most people has very little symptoms from this. Surprisingly poor images can go along without any pain, while minimal degeneration sometimes hurts really bad. Thoracic spine pain is difficult to diagnose, although old rib fractures close to the joints, might be painful.
571376	How often do pathologists miss melanoma? I have a mole that grew back and although the pathology was normal, i still want the regrowth removed. But it would require excision which is a bit excessive.	Not often... A dermatopathologist (pathologist who specializes in dermatology) would not miss melanoma. Its very definable and as long as the depth of the initial excision showed "clean margins" along with no evidence of invasion of the questionable cells into the structures below (usually the fat) then you are ok. If its actually melanoma and there was complete excision then a lymph node biopsy might be done.
513678	My son s tonsil is very swollen, bleeding it has some white spots.He has a sore throat but no fever.Should we take him to doc or will antibiotics work?	STREP TONSILLITIS ? He needs to be seen to have the right DX and rx. Strep throat has exudate, swollen glands, headache, chills and bodyaches and can cause heart problem if neglected.
694622	After skin outbreak over body, noticed  mnthly itchy vaginal tears and sweling after periods, dryness & swellin round anus, craked lip edges.Is it herpes?	Difficult to tell It is impossible to diagnose without appropriate examination. See a doctor.
724713	I feel pressure on left side of my head near my ear and right above sideburn. I am not having any symptoms of brain tumor. What is it?	Need for examination It is not feasible to provide a meaningful opinion without examining you and imaging studies may be needed.
6778596	I have been sick for a week with sinus pressure, severe sore throat with one tonsil white. Glands in neck very swollen. Eyes swelling with green mucus?	See a doctor what are you waiting for, you have all this symptoms and you have not seen a doctor yet. Your symptoms will persisted and will make you sicker, until you see a doctor that will place you on the proper treatment. So please go and see a doctor
1543759	X-rays of hips,knees, shoulders due to severe pain for years! blood work normal ,X-rays normal. Also have low grade fevers/fatigue. Ideas?	Diagnosis If in fact you are having persistent fever you need to be seen and thoroughly evaluated by an infectious diseases expert. The internet is not the place for such an assessment. See somebody soon, and good luck.
769966	Age22. 2months over with my ACL surgery hamstring autograft. I have my exams for continous 15days.Is it okay if i skip my leg exercises till dat time?	You should not You should not discontinue your exercises. After acl reconstruction surgery they are specials protocols that need to be follow in order to get maximun beneficts fron the surgery, .
353050	I have been having twinges lower left side of my abdomen. I hve very very tender breasts and nipples. I'm due a period in 10 days?	See your gyn To r/o cyst , pregnancy , etc, u need an exam, blood work and an ultrasound.
391206	My 14 yr old son who is takes 40 mg of Vyvanse & 20 mg of Lexapro a day, wants to take a GNC product for weightlifting and the the product if called muscle tech anabolic halo hardcore proseries (post workout) and contains some creatine, caffeine, phenylal	It It would be very dangerous and potentially harmful to take this product with his medications. I would strongly advise against it. The creatine, cafffeine, phenylalanin and his vyvanse and Lexapro are not a safe combination and could affect his health.
1038345	What can I do to easy the pain in my knee from bakers cyst?	NSAIDs;,aspirate Baker's cysts if painful can be aspirated ( carefully )by your ors. Sometimes the fluid is too thick to be aspirated . If u have an underlying knee problem causing the cyst ( meniscus tear, etc) then take care of the primary knee problem and often the cyst will dissipate w/ time.Rarely, an open cyst excision will be required for painful, recalcitrant cases.
1372217	6 yr old overpronated ankles. Has orthotic inserts, physical therapy. Right leg is starting to bow, pain in calves/knee ankle gives out frequently!	See orthopedic docto F0r 6 yrs old with over proinated ankles,orthotic and,physical therapy may not be enough anddeveloping bow leg , he should be seen ,examined by orthopedic doctor and x-ray of both ankles and foot , to study the bones placement and position with adjacent bone . He may be needing surgical treatment to correct the deformity
295617	I got a red lump on the inside my eyelid and it has grown on the outside of my eyelid its painful itchy and swollen what do I do?	Stye Your description sounds like a stye. I would try warm compresses 3-4 times a day along lid scrubs over-the-counter ocusoft plus. You can also use artificial tears as needed. If worsening or no improvement, you should see an eye doctor.
138409	Days late, very swollen sore breasts for a week, fatigue and a little more frequent urination.Pregnant?	Pregnancy signs All of your symptoms are normal in early pregnancy. Do one of the following: check a home pregnancy test, go to your doctor, or go to your local clinic for a pregnancy test.
1222728	Got my blood taken out 5 weeks after last contact. My hCG levels measure less than 2. Why is it not 0? Can i still be pregnant?	You are not pregnant Less than 2 is considered completely negative.
329999	I have normal blood pressure even though i'm overweight. For several months now, I have been getting lots of swelling in my legs and feet daily. What should I do?	Your weight May be causing the swelling. I suggest you see your pcp.
1225116	Why the skin of my anus is irritated itchy, and the anus skin is cut, open , pealed skin, broken little spots about 2or 3 months, is frustrating?	See your doctor For evaluation, diagnosis and treatment.
636845	The left side of my throat is swollen, along with the feeling of slight pressure in the lower jawline and inside the ear when i swallow. Concern?	Tansillitis , absces Tansillitis of the left tansil or left tansil abscess are possibility . Very large left adenitis is another possibility.
385759	I have L4 and L5 compressed discs and possibly one in my neck, muscle strain & spasms would it be ok to go on a 5 hr road trip? I was in a car accident in aug/11 and injured my right shoulder, neck and back. I have a stiff shoulder (possible adhesive caps	There There is nothing about just riding in a car on good roads that is damaging.
71172	Lately I have got a horrible cough along with muscle aches headaches stuufy nose and a mild fever sore throat and sinus pressure what is this ?	Viral infection This sounds like a viral infection and if persists you should follow up with your doctor.
1530873	I hurt my shoulder at work its really sore from the bottom of my shoulder blade around to my clavical and a bit up the back side of my neck. Ice helps but it still hurts. Minor swelling. What do I do?	Rotator cuff injury? you should get an MRI
381896	I have a pimple on my penis and when i squeezed it , a little bit of puss came out. Should i be worried ? Is this an STD ? Its only one pimple not multiple.	Lesion on penis You should have this checked out by a family physician.
1068136	Hi... Is there any way to get rid of snoring.. My mom has a srver problem of snoring...	Sleep apnea RX You may consider seeing someone about an evaluation for sleep apnea (sleep study). There are both oral and CPAP means of treating these problems, depending upon the severity (sleep study results) and what the patient can/is able to tolerate.
6757991	I just had wisdom tooth removal(all 4). I'm now on day 4 & have this hard lump on my lower jaw & cheek,went to ER & my dentist.Both said no infection.	Swelling? This might be typical post operative swelling. If the lump is next to where your wisdom tooth was and it was a complicated extraction it may be a subperiosteal swelling and should eventually go down. You may want to apply a heating pad a few times a day to help it go down. Stop if it gets worse from the heat because if that happens it is most likely an infection.
6678389	Can a period cause flue like symptoms - headache sicky shivers aches ?	Not just your period Typical symptoms associated with menstruation are pelvic cramping pain, bloating, perhaps mood changes and irritability. Headache, general achiness/myalgias or chills/shaking are not typical. I would think you have a brief viral illness along with your period. Rest, push fluids, take ibuprofen or naproxen as directed. Having two things at the same time is always a challenge to manage. Good wishes.
58305	I have a bump on the  back of my neck/shoulder.It is ear line level. The right side of my neck is swollen and it feels like my tissue is messed up. ?	Get checked Please get checked immediately. This sounds concerning. Best wishes to you.
830439	I'm 12 weeks pregnant. I'm getting extremely sharpe stabbing pains in both breasts. It's at random, and don't usually last very long. Is this normal?	Not normal Could be from the breast or chest wall please call your obgyn and u may need referral to a breast specilaist.
6706938	Why are my breast sore with itchy nipples?	Tricky dermatologic conditions are hard to discuss without seeing them. Yeast infection (generally with redness) infection (generally looks like boils), pregnancy, hormonal changes inc menopause.
1410264	Blood work results ,chloride was low at 98 mmol,anion gap was high at 17.4 ,glucose was high at 108 mg/dl,  A1c was 6.2 ,albumin/globulin ratio  2.0?	Prediabetes Hi. That A1c is above normal, & if that glucose is FASTING, it is too (it's not abnormal if it's not fasting). They demonstrate "prediabetes", the abnormal state between normal & diabetes. What was your bicarb/total CO2? Unless it was low, anion gap (a calculated value) doesn't mean anything; it's useful in states of ketoacidosis, lactic acidosis, etc). A:G ratio is fine too. Eat healthy, exercise
1446277	I'm a 16year old. I have a very sore lump under the skin of my right breast. It is located beneath the nipple. I'm terrified, what could this be?	See a doctor In your age group, the likelihood of it being a serious condition is low. There is the possibility of a clogged duct, or gland. Try applying a warm wash cloth/compress. If does not improve or if redness spreads then will need to see primary doctor or gynecologist
1007450	I have knee pain that cracks at times. Could this be bone cancer?	Very unlikely You're not at a typical age for bone cancer. The findings most likely soft tissue in nature. You may want to see your doctor and get an x-ray to see if you have early degenerative change.
6713109	Extremely painful lump next to left tragus. Growing. Now size of two peas. When touched, sends pain to skull, ear, neck, and left arm. What is it?	Boil have it checked
1367425	I have sore breasts, fatigue, cervical mucus, late period and some blood in the mucus. Could I be pregnant?	You tell us No physician will ever guess about diagnosing pregnancy. You have a delayed or missed period. It is time to go get a home pregnancy test. They are readily available everywhere you live.
6713450	It started with painful callus on the ball of my foot. Now there are 15 little white bumps surrounding it that are painful to touch. Whole area itches?	Difficult to say You need to see a doctor in order for this to be diagnosed. Could be a fungal infection, herpes, or a foreign body....
547689	Had knee injury think patella tendonitis...Now after 2weeks of rice method feels almost 100%...Should i continue icing or use heat now?	Ice after activity.. Continue to ice down after your sporting activities. Remember that you should start slow and build up to where you were during exercise. To rapid an attempt to exercise at your previous intensity risks aggravating your injury.
548461	I have tmj. My jaw shifted to the left and i can make sound of my left jaw. There is no pain. I also have a swollen pea sized growth in front of my left ear. What should I do?	SEE your DDS & MD Tmj problems only get worse if not treated. See your dentist for an evaluation and treatment plan. Your dentist may refer you to a physician (possibly a dermotologist) to evaluate the growth - they may biopsy the growth.
621582	I've recently finished taking antibiotics for bv. Now I have itching and burning, could this be a yeast infection? Or that the BV still haven't cleard	Both possible Either your BV is still active, or you've got a yeast superinfection, or some other process is at work causing your symptoms. Only way to be sure is to check with your doctor.
232112	Why does Neurontin and lyrica cause you to weight gain?	They don't. But they don't usually cause weight gain either.
258729	I have this pain on the left side near the rib cage.I do have have hitial hernia  and cervical spondisylis and last night it felt like my heart was pounding really hard so I don't know what this is because my dr.Said withthe hitial hernia you dohave chest	Hital hernia It looks like you need to see your doctor right away to find out why you had the pounding of the heart. Your doctor is right in saying you may have chest pain sometimes with hiatal hernia due to gerd.
6641671	72 hrs this pain has gone from the neck and R. Arm to elbow, now it is spreading into right upper shoulder/chest/back! He exp as Dead arm, level
9/10?	Neurologist This may be a problem of inflammation of a structure such as a disk, vertebra, or nerve root in the neck causing such radiation of discomfort. I recommend that you be evaluated by a neurologist who will order the appropriate tests.
1333382	22 yrs of prednisone treatment for SLE. 3days of nausea,fatigue,weakness, dizziness and low body temp between 95.2 to 95.6. What could it be?	Must consider infect With the long term steroids even with a low temp we must consider infection. Sometimes this can occur when you get a new Prednisone prescription and the new pills are either ineffective or are not bio equivalent to the previous Prednisone pills you need to see your rheumatologist for an evaluation
1486061	5wks prego.Lightbleeding for 2 days, clots, not enough blood 2 fill a pad.2 test in evening bleeding came out negative. Did I miscarry? No cramps.	Needs evaluation Bleeding during pregnancy may be common but it is not normal and should always be evaluated by your doctor. Your doctor can do an exam, blood hormone levels and a sonogram to confirm that all is well.
349122	What is bilateral functional endoscopic sinus surgery?	Sinus Surgery It is the term for the current method of sinus surgery. Functional refers to opening up the obstructed sinuses. Endoscopic means using a 4 mm endoscopic (that is usually attached to a camera), thus it can be done all through your nostril. And bilateral means both sides. If you still have questions about what your surgeon plans to do, you should make another appt before surgery to review.
769384	Daughter had blood at er. They didn't say anything but mail the info it says high neut abs mono abs WBC RBC RDW but hgb hct MCV MCH is low. Why?	ABNORMAL LABORATORY Lab. Shows infection and anemia. Cause of bleeding?
544326	How to deal with tonsillectomy pain & how long is the recovery?	Expect two peaks The first two days aren't too bad. The worst days are the second and third after the procedure as swelling peaks. It then improves gradually but there is often a second peak on 4-6 days postop as the scabs on the tonsillectomy sites shed. Pain may also depend on surgical technique. Be generous with pain meds such as narcotics and advil, topical Lidocaine can help. Should be back fully at 2 wk.
132256	What is hepatitis b core ab IgM test?	Test for acute inf Reliable test for acute infection with hepatitis b.
1255256	Could hear clearly out of my ear now, but there is still pain. Is it ear wax or the infection?	Ear Your info is unclear but if you were being treated for an ear infection, most probably its the infection causing the clogging. Complete your treatment but have f/u with an ENT
1287334	Small bumps all over vagina, smelly discharge, no itch or burning. Not sexually active, I have had my period. What is happening? What is it?  Help!	Smelly discharge You may have picked up an infection from the gym, locker room or hot tub, or perhaps sharing clothes with a friend. You will need to see your doctor for an examination to find out what is wrong and what to do about it.
353009	If I have a urinary tract infection with fever but no insurance what can I take?	Antibiotics Would be best, but there is anecdotal evidence that drinking cranberry juice helps out.
503522	I have a staph infection i can't get rid of. What antibiotics would you reccomend?	See doctor Antibiotics cannot be recommended without knowing more about you. For persistent staph infections , the best treatment is often drainage of the affected area. This can only be done if you seek medical care in person.
1516605	I have chest pain from more than 2 months, It's located over my nibbles with 10cm in both sides and in the middle of chest, I have done ECG many times, I have done also EKO and Stress ECG test and they are all negative.Now, I'm Confused, a Cardiologist to	Chest pain Serious cardiovascular disease at your age is unlikely, it is reasonable to expect a working mechanistic diagnosis for your symptoms;You will need to work with a physician in the logical manner through a differential diagnosis list to exclude other serious pathologies and reach a diagnosis, only then can a management plan be made.
1248301	Today 11yr old daughter with stomach pain across bellybutton said hurts  worse when she walk. She has fever, diarrhea and vomiting.  Appendix?	Possibly Yes the symptoms could be due to that she needs to see her pediatrician.
6670044	Can  a hiatal hernia get worse overtime? Will I need to have surgery to fix? Chest pressure /shortness of breath.	Waxes and wanes It can get worse but it can also get better. There are periods of remission and relapse. Most people don't need surgery. Intense medical management and dietary practices usually suffice. Put the head of your bed on a block. Don't eat or drink for 2 hrs before bed. Take an acid blocking medicine twice a day for several weeks. Avoid nicotine and alcohol. Get follow up with a gastroenterologist.
887409	What are other reasons for a swollen lymph node in neck near jugular vein other than lymphoma?  24 y/o male not sick, no fever. Prolactinoma history.	Most common Is infection, such as dental abscess, strep throat or viral pharyngitis, gingivitis, other problems like sinus or mastoid infections. Note I do not list lymphoma. Maybe see your dentist first and get that evaluated.
356461	Its teo werks befor my period I am due on the 29th i ovulated around the 12th but sine then I have been having cramps lower back pain heart burn?	Clarify. It is unclear what your question is, but ovulation can cause many different symptoms.
39498	If I have cystic fibrosis and get a lung transplant, will the disease eventually invade my new lungs?	It can Lung transplant for CF is an important life prolonging therapy but it exchanges one set of problems for another. After transplant, there is risk of rejection of the transplanted lungs by one's own immune system requiring use of strong meds that suppress your immune system which then increases your risk of serious infections. There are many facets to this - talk to your CF dr to discuss pros/cons.
496811	Feel like I have a fever -- weak, chilled, dizzy, headache, dazed -- but there is no fever actually present, my temperature is normal (for me.) ideas?	Virus Sounds like you're coming down with something. Rest, drink plenty of fluids, avoid giving your virus to others. If you have been feeling like this for more than a few days and it's not clear to you that it actually is a virus, then you should go get checked out - get an exam, possibly have some blood work done.
6665129	How do I really pain numbness and pins and needles, hotness in my wrist hand and arm I think it's carpel tunnel?	Could be You seem to describe symptoms consistent with Carpal Tunnel Syndrome. Generally the tingling and pain is more in the thumb, index, and middle fingers. Sometimes you can tap on the underside of your wrist and reproduce the tingling sensations. It is best to see a hand surgeon to diagnose this and to prevent any long term damage or weakness if it is carpal tunnel syndrome.
1240322	No period since feb 3 thick milky white discharge and sore achy nipples took a blood test not pregnant is it an infection?	Vaginal infection Esp. Candida is a possibility. Follow up with ur gyn. Take care! http://www.M.Webmd.Com/women/guide/sexual-health-vaginal-infections.
727970	I have ibd & a serious rash developed on my legs - red circles the size of dimes with a pus filled bump in the middle & itchy. Leaving scars. Ideas?	Maybe Erythema nodosum, pyoderma, insect or flea bites with secondary infection, drug rash. Impossible to tell without looking at it, and sounds like a biopsy is needed.
511204	I'm getting an mri/mra with contrast today. Can i drink grape fruit juice and prune juice right after?	Yes, water is better Unless you have some underlying issue with these drinks, it should be fine. However, you should drink water. Mri contrast ("dye") is not directly toxic to your kidneys, but if you have kidney failure, you can be susceptible to complications. Drink plenty of water, and you'll be fine. You should complete a history (with allergies) prior to getting contrast.
906769	Every morning i wake up with a migraine it seems like.  I have a headache almost 4-5xweek can this be from sleep apnea?	See MD If you have sleep apnea you need to be evaluated. Dont pay any attention to the neurotransmitter issue.
51454	I struggle to fall asleep at night & often suffer insomnia. Will melatonin work & is it safe?	Not a Podiatry ? Speak to your family doctor.
6623540	Will i have HPV for life?
I am 24 years old with genital warts and a recent LGSIL pap smear. Will my boyfriend of 6 months get the virus too?	No, not for life The immune system clears HPV, although it can take up to 2 years. You can assume your BF has already been infected and even might be the source of your infection (you'll never know). Probably he'll never have symptoms, but should keep an eye out for warts. LSIL is mild; you are at low risk for a serious problem. Follow your doc's advice, and also speak with her about HPV vaccination.
1494476	Upper right quadrant pain mostly, rarely upper left pain with normal liver, pancreas, ans kidney blood test. Normal Hida I have GERD and gilberts why?	Inherited disorder Gilbert's disease is liver condition caused by an inherited gene mutation. It is common and generally does not require treatment. Therefore, your right upper quadrant pain is likely due to something else. Your normal tests represent good news (no serious problems these tests would find) and bad news (still don't have diagnosis for your pain). Keep your follow up appts; report new changes.
6669678	I have a herniated disc in L4 L5 and S1. (5yrs) I now have neurogenic atrophy. It only occurred after I had a walking cast on for 10 weeks. (Torn anterior ligament RT foot) Did isolating my leg in the cast trigger the atrophy? It's been going on for 7 mon	Atropy A herniated disc at the levels l4-5 and L5-s1 can produce atropy in the muscles that those nerves supply. Typically in the anterior compartment of the lower leg and small muscles in the feet. 10 weeks of immobilization is quite a long time and was probably a factor in the atropy.
1065617	There is an itchy red bump/ scab on my lower leg, how do I treat this?	Depends on the cause There are many things that could cause the skin to itch. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, sun exposure, insect bites, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1244433	I got into the bath about 3-4 days ago and by mistake washed vagina with soap. Now it itches has white discharge and is very uncomfortable.	Yeast? A clumpy (cottage cheese- like), white, non- odorous discharge associated w itching, burning, swelling or redness can be due to yeast infections. Yeast can be treated with otc medications. If this doesn't fit the description get med eval.
1105445	What to do if I have severe neuropathy in both feet following chemo treatment for colon cancer. How long will it last?	Neuropathy Unfortunately , there is no way to know this.
6755879	I have a mole with 2 out of 5 of the abcde symptoms (melanoma) its border and color. Lesion benign?	Tell me more The most significant features to watch are size(>5mm) and mixture of colors(C and D). Tell us which 2 features are causing you concern??? Then we can guide you further in terms of the need for doing a biopsy or not.
380941	I have a mole that on my shoulder, should I be worried? I have a pink mole that is pink, raised, no hair in it, round, and it lies in my "bra line on my shoulder. It itches sometimes when my bra rubs it. I have fair skin/eyes, and have a lot of freckles.	While While no physician can evaluate your mole without seeing it, the following clues (the abcde mnemonic) will help you determine if you should see your doctor: asymmetry: if you draw an imaginary line through the middle of your mole, both halves should look about the same. Moles that are asymmetric (unequal) are more likely to be cancerous. Border: most benign moles have smooth, distinct borders. Those that have uneven, hazy, or indistinct borders are more likely to be cancerous. Color: benign moles usually have a uniform pink, brown, or yellow color. Those with several shades of brown, black, blue, or red, or those that are jet black or blue-black are more worrisome. Diameter: most benign moles are smaller in diameter than a standard pencil eraser. Evolution: any mole that bleeds, changes color or shape, itches, or otherwise causes concern should be evaluated by your physician. Hope that helps!
638460	Itching bad throat, chest, arms and legs below the knees and skin peeling on hands and feet. Could this be a nut allergy?	Maybe Your description could be eczema or it could be the result of a streptococcal throat infection. If eczema and if caused by nuts (a lot of ifs) it would be the result of eating nuts nearly everyday. Do yourself a favor and see an allergist or a dermatologist for assistance.
1274026	I have had chest pains for a while now, sweating, dizziness, shortness of breaths, headaches is this symptoms of anxiety, nervous to go to the doctor?	Yes, go to the dr If you have never been evaluated for a medical condition that could be causing your symptoms. Moving forward you can consult with a cognitive behavioral therapist.
6773226	Is scalp fungal infection obvious in physical exam by derm? Have hair loss- not itchy,scalp clean. See alot fuzz on brush- should i ask for a culture?	Ans There is a pattern to the scalp if it is fungus. Best to see your doctor. You do not necessarily need a culture just a good doctor
1223187	I have very painful and swollen joints in both wrists and ankles. I occasionally have red marks on my face, arms, chest, and legs. Ra or lupus?	Possible lupus Have it evaluated.
959827	I have amoxicillin 500mg says take four capsules an hour before dental appointment .That seems like a lot! is this normal?	No A one time dose of 2 gm (2000 mg) is a large dose, but not unheard of. You can always call the doctor that prescribed it to see if the prescription was written correctly.
918249	Is tennis elbow release the same as tennis elbow reconstruction surgery?	Several operations Ask your surgeon what he intends to do? Consider prolotherapy as an alternative to surgery. Vist www.Getprolo.Com or www.Aaomed.Org for info and a doctor. To help you get better and still avoid the surgery.
77828	Describe the features of a carotid artery dissection.?	Long smooth stenosis On arteriography a long smooth stenosis is seen. On cta of the neck, the narrowing and the false lumen ( torn layer of the vessel) are seen. Mra also gives information about age of the dissection and shows the torn layers as cta does.
1335517	No fever, severe headaches, sore throat, mild cough, mild runny nose, severe neck pain and nausea..went away for one day yet came back. 3 days strong	Cervicogenic HA Is a very common headache secondary to neck involvement. Cervicogenic headache is a unilateral pain provoked by neck movement or by pressure on the neck. These headache patients usually had a reduced cervical range of motion in association with the headache, dizziness, etc. Rec.: see orofacial pain or headache specialist for evaluation and treatment. You also have seasonal flu.
725662	In my region, pollen levels are the highest in the last 50 years. I have a sore throat, running nose and am very tired, no fever. Allergy or cold?	Probably cold Allergies can sometimes cause mild irritation of the throat, but it shouldn't be downright painful. They are also usually accompanied by sneezing and itching of the eyes and nose. With sore throat and fatigue, i would suspect a cold, which may not present with fever. Get plenty of sleep, drink plenty of fluids. See your doctor if you have any questions or if your don't feel better in a few days.
1469443	I fell and landed on my elbow. I can move it, but cannot straighten it easily and there is pain when i move my wrist. no bruise or swelling but heat?	Go to ER Go to an ER and get an X-ray or see an orthopedic surgeon. You may have a fracture.
918247	Can papillary muscle dysfunction be present with only a faint murmur, but no symptoms at all, no prior heart attack, normal echo & ekg?	Possibly not likely Most common cause is left ventricular ischemia/infarction is always associated with an apical loud systolic murmur. Murmur can be variable depending on severity of the condition. Other causes are ventricular dilatation like in severe cardiomiopathy, inflammatory disease and interventricularconduction abnormalities. In theory murmur may not be present and ekg nl. 2d echo should show regurgitation.
6677920	Hi is it a good idea to lay flat on your stomach if you feel ur knee popping?	Doesn't matter Please consult with your physician to determine what is going on with your knee.
526177	Cold. I also sometimes get this light, achy pain in my wrist. Is it possible that I have carpal tunnel syndrome?	Yes. Carpal tunnel, arthritis( RA ) can do that. See your doc.
6691335	Is DVT pain localized? Have intermittent pain from RT thigh , back of knee and into calf. Recently had color Doppler u/s that was negative for DVT.	Both Ultrasound is very good at excluding dvt above the knee but not quite as good below the knee. If your pain is persistent and an initial ultrasound is negative, it is sometime helpful to repeat the study in a few days. Unfortunately the symptoms of dvt can be both localized and generalized.
6691332	Over a month off Prozac, been on SSRIs over 6 years. Take Valium 12.5mg a day. Shaking, crying, panicky. Can anything help? Don't want SSRIs anymore.	Off of Prozac There are other options to review with your doctor regarding antidepressants, such as Wellbutrin & some SNRIs such as Cymbalta or Effexor. Wish you well.
519327	Have brown and red raised spots with some scaling under both breasts. Is this a. Fungal infection no itching or burning?	Maybe This maybe intertrigo. See your dermatologist for the correct diagnosis.
543991	Boyfriend came on vagina 2weeks ago . Period came 6days early . Lasted for 2days . Breast feel full , back stomach and leg pain . Could i be pregnant ?	Yes Suggest you obtain a test kit from pharmacy and use it. You may well be pregnant.
6633097	Strong ache in the shoulder,front & side of my upper right arm going to elbow, lasting over 2-3 weeks,now pins & needles to tips of fingers.what is it?	Neck Pins and needles usually is the sign of a pinched nerve. The most common site would be in the lower part of your cervical spine. Could be from an irritated nerve, or possibly a bulging disc. It does not sound like a shoulder problem.
1075536	Around 8pm breathing gets hard. I have to take an inhaler twice a night to sleep. We are traveling and it is persistant. Some morning congestion.	Allergies vs asthma Sonds like a reactive airway problem. See your doctor that prescribed your inhaler.
1347369	How sensitive is the biopsy test for small fiber neuropathy?	Not very Generally nerve biopsy is done for suspect vasculitis (blood vessel disease) or amyloidosis (amyloid deposition). It doesn't,t add much that clinical evaluation, lab tests and nerve conduction studies can do. So it isn't very sensitive for small fiber neuropathy itself.
938334	Likelihood of protonix or bactrim (just started both; UTI & gastritis) causing inc anxiety & hand tremors? Have had tremors due to anxiety in the past	Not likely Anxiety can certainly cause tremors and worrying about the medication can also trigger it. I advise seeing your primary care doctor for further evaluation. Treatment for anxiety is available.
360746	Is a saline nasal spray safe to use with asthma and allergies? Thanks.	Yes Yes but try to keep the saline as clean a possible.
564950	I had a negative blood pregnancy test after missing my period after an iui. Is it possible for me to be pregnant but be too early to detect because it has only been 2 weeks since ovulation?	Yes but Your pregnancy test should be positive 2 weeks after the IUI or intercourse. It is likely you are not pregnant but if it does turn out positive later, it might not be from the iui.
1165514	Calluses on sides of big toes, what to do to get rid of them?	You can file them With an emory board. You can get a pedicure or see a podiatrist who will explain why you are getting it and offer possible solutions so they don't come back.
1451691	The doctors did CAT Scan, MRI, blood test, heart test. But they cannot find the cause of my head pain(pain movin), sometimes I feel like a mucus in it?	AE.. Look for side effect of something. .that you eat or drink..
6649311	3weeks late on period,negative preg test,mild stomach cramps at times, lower back pain,brown discharge at times,and dizzy at times?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1139619	My periods are due on 18 jan and i m feeling some symtops of pregnancy like fatigue, nausea, backpain, tender breasts but my text is negative m i prg?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
6643403	I'm 31, been having tightness and numbness in my upper arm and shoulder. No chest pain,but its making me nervous. Could this be heart related?	Upper arm pain Cardiac symptoms can be very vague and non specific . See your medical doctor to see if further testing needed
1313360	I have pimples on my penis and its like near the head and it dosent burn or hurt its not tender and i want to now is this herpes?	Herpes Herpes are not pimples. They are a cluster of blisters and are very painful.
6631267	Day 6 of 100+\- fever, severe body aches and chills, congestion and I had a severe headache that lasted 4 days and finally passed. Flu test negative.	Fever Please go to the emergency room right now!
173362	What causes hand weakness and periodic numbness to my left thumb and index finger?	Neck or hand This could be from the neck like a pinched nerve at c6 however, my impression is you have symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome. See your family md for a more thorough eval.
530137	I have a strawberry look like tongue with sore throat(pharyngitis) but i only had low fever during night, what is this disease?What cause it?	Stomatitis It could be viral. See an ent.
1077972	Suffering from mild fever at times dizziness cold feet ;sore throat fatigue. Just recovered from chicken pox  3 weeks have gone .Pls help?	Fever As stated , it's easy to catch something else when you are run down from another illness. See you family doc for help.
1493723	What kind of doctor do I need to go to if I want to get tested for chlamydia? What kind of test will they do?	FP/IM/GYN/UC Most primary care physicians can perform this testing-usually a vaginal culture or urine testing.
1421077	Does a (vaginal) Yeast Infection cream help herpes or makes the itching better? How about an anti itch cream (like vagisil)?	No. not at all Anti-yeast cream only helps with yeast. See a doctor for herpes medicine.
1421075	Persistant sore throat for 6 months and blood from throat and nose could this be symptoms of throat cancer. No lump like feeling in neck only pain.	Possibly Symptoms of throat cancer do include a sore throat that doesn't go away as well as occasional bleeding. Although throat cancer is not common in a young person who has never smoked, it is becoming more frequent due to human papilloma virus (HPV). There are other conditions that can cause similar symptoms, but any sore throat that persists for months should certainly be evaluated by an ENT doctor.
178700	Why does lung cancer usually spread to the brain, thereby producing brain tumors?	Brain Mets (metastasis) as an entity comprise 100k per year. Lung cancer leads the league, but breast, melanoma, kidney are quite common. Prostate almost never. Only rhabdoid tumors in children commonly go to brain. This pattern stares at us, but baffles us as to why "organotropic" patterns of metastasis are so predictable.
605620	I had a cyst removed friday, six stitches, on chest. Site is bleeding in 2 spots. Changed bandages 6 times. Is this normal?	Breast or chest? Most acute post op bleeding should have resolved by now. Is it bright red blood or dark purple blood? If bright red blood and not stopping and saturating dressings you should hold firm pressure and call your surgeon. If dark, it may be old, postop blood that is draining. This should stop once it is all out. Either way if it has not stopped by tomorrow, see your surgeon or go to ed/urgent care.
571522	Had gallbladder surgery a week ago. Suffering from terrible burning sensations, numbness, tingling in upper left thigh. Thinking meralgia paresthetica?	May be! Especially if u have lost a lot weight!
56683	I have a mole that itches really bad sometimes . Why is that, and should I be concerned?	See your derm Any more that starts to itch, bleed, or ulceration should be brought to the attention of your friendly dermatologist.
263829	Was deficient in vit d and B12 few years ago, would it be a good idea to check other vitamin blood tests like b3 or c or e to check cause of fatigue.?	Maybe Fatigue has many causes. A visit with your health care provider might provide insight into the reason(s) you are fatigued. Vitamin deficiencies are not the most common causes of fatigue.
687637	I keep getting  red small acne or bumps on my forehead what should I do ? I cleanse my skin every day and exfoliate plus moisture i care help	Scientific Rx Acne is troublesome enough without somebody telling you it's because you didn't wash, which is a myth. If this is really acne, start with benzoyl peroxide and lay off the other skin stuff unless your physician recommends it. If you're not clear soon, your physician may add something like topical clindamycin. Good luck.
304370	Diarrhea constipation gas swollen stomach = colon cancer?	Not always. Although change in bowel habits is a strong indicator of colon cancer, it can signify other things as well, like irritable bowel syndrome, or gallbladder issue, i. e. Stones. Your'e young for colon cancer, and gallbladder issues. So it is likely that the source of this lies elsewhere, like your diet. You should see your doctor for tests like occult blood test, etc to be sure and for diet help.
1348925	My vagina has a strong fish odor even though im clean. no itching or discharge or burning. what could it be.	Vaginitis you still might have a mild vaginitis see your doctor for antibiotics and a test to determine cause
1533742	Lower right quad pelvic pain - intense and ongoing for 2+ weeks. have had trans-vaginal U/S, ct-scans, kidney stone tests, etc. normal. is lap needed?	Not necessarily. Here's what the tests you've had could miss: 1. Psoas muscle spasm. This hurts like crazy in your lower quadrant. A physical therapist might help. 2. Inflammatory bowel disease. This could require a colonoscopy. Any diarrhea? 3. Endometriosis 4. Ectopic pregnancy. Any chance? You need a thorough history and physical exam. Surgery should be a last resort; it can cause more harm than good.
603567	How could it be possible to have knee surgery and told my knee is clean but develop arthritis? Had surgery in nov and MRI in feb of the following year	A scope more reliabl The mr done 3 mos after ur surgery is showing u what was also there b4 u had surgery. A look is better than an mr which may have been over-read. Also b sure ur name is on the study.
1399267	Swollen lymph node only on left side underneath jaw infected tooth was removed Monday been on penacillin for a week why is lymp node still swollen?	Lymph node Lymph nodes take a long time to resolve. If it is painful then the penicillin is not working and you need a drug called clindamycin If it is not painful, give it another week to shrink. If concerned have it checked by your dentist again.
1275576	I got a fever and sore throat headache body aches do I have strep throat? What do I have what is fever for strep throat what temp is it.?	Have evaluated You are still be in an age group where untreated strep can produce rheumatic fever a month or so down the road ; make the rest ur life miserable. (; cost a bunch) est.1/200 untreated strep are at risk; ~1/3 sore throats strep, ~1/600 the risk you take by the numbers.Most urgent care centers or offices can do a quick test ; see if it is strep.
878668	Can a herniated disk in the low back area cause numbness and tingling in the arms and hands? Mri of neck was neg, no abnormalities shown.	No The nerves to your arms cannot be affected by a disc problem below them. A peripheral nerve entrapment would be more likely. These include carpal tunnel syndrome, cubital tunnel syndrome and the uncommon posterior interosseous nerve (pin) syndrome. A physical exam may be all that's needed to identify your diagnosis. You may also need nerve conduction tests.
219919	I had l5-s1 spine fusion and a L4 foraminotomy in several months ago, is there a way to relieve back pain radiating down my left leg?	Yes Unless you are suffering from permanent nerve injury related to the problem you had recently treated, most pain radiating into the leg is treated well with medication, injections, or surgery (assuming a spine etiology). Once the exact location of the nerve compression is identified any number of interventions can help you. See a spine specialist to walk you through the work-up.
383143	Am i pregnant? I missed 2 periods then i had one for almost 3 weeks now I have sore boobs white dots on my nipples and vaginal discharge that is clear and kind of a cream color, I am very moody and im craving food all the time	You You should definitely take a pregnancy test to be sure. If it is negative and you haven't had a normal period, then retake one to be sure as it takes the pregnancy hormone a while to build up.
315246	I am having burning and tingling sensation.Under my feet, my muscles of hands and leg iare very weak but nerves are ok.?	You need a visit To a doctor. Why are the leg muscles weak? You are informing us you have neuropathy in the feet and weakness of lower extremity muscles. That is enough to get yourself to a doctor for a full work up.
919351	I'm pregnant, and i had a fever, chills, a headache, nausea, fatigue, and every muscle in my body ached. What might be wrong?	Flu You have the symptoms of a flu like illness. Drink plenty of fluids and take Ibuprofen for fever and malaise. And dont worry about the ibuprofen. It can be taken during pregnancy without difficulty.
1572279	I've had an ingrown toenail removed and it came back with a granuloma yellow swollen and painful about 6 weeks ago. Now my whole foot hurts when walk?	Podiatrist It is time to see a Podiatrist for this problem.
1152277	My period ended jan. 9. It was normal. I had unprotected sex (withdrawal) the day after. Today is the 19th & my breasts are sore. Am i pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1444121	I had a tooth abscess and dentist drained and gave me metronidazole and amoxicillin, is it necessary to have the metronidazole too?	Yes, but Yes, good combination. Make sure you follow up instructions about treating the cause of the abscess.
315249	I had a kidney infection took all my antibiotics and got a yeast infection. Now I have blood in my urine.. Why?	Might b UTI or yeast The blood in the urine could be a persistent uti, ie, didn't get it cleared or the blood in the urine might be vaginally from a light cycle or infection of the vagina like with a yeast infection. Probably should be seen if not quickly improved with a lot of water drinking or worsening symptoms.
1557673	Glands in my neck were swollen better now. Throat inflamed and red.  Keep swallowing. So I suck on soothers sweets to help.. mouth dry in the mornings?	Upper Respiratory tract infection. Get evaluated for pharyngitis rule out Strept throat
307486	Itching of the hands and feet, peeling too. Why?	Could be fungus Could be dyshydrotic eczema. Those would be 2 common possibilities.
204876	On one of my breasts close 2 the nipple, I have a small pimple like hard bump n when I squeezed it, white hard cheesy smelling pus oozed out w blood	Get seen. Your problem may be simple and uncomplicated and as simple as a small sebaceous cyst (plugged oil gland) or it may be a severe infection with MRSA or other microbe. One cannot rule out other causes and possibilities. I would be seem by my pcp and get a proper diagnosis and treatment.
297112	My 9 yr old has a severe sore throat and can hardly talk. She has no fever and had her tonsils removed when ahe was 6. Could ahe still have strep?	Yes And the only way to tell is to be examined and tested. Treating true strep throat is important because of the post-streptococcal conditions such as acute rheumatic fever or extension of the infection to other areas. See pediatrician or family doctor.
1131864	Lmp 12/1/13. On 1/8 had ultrasound and saw no gestational sac hCG was at 2600, 1/10 hgc 5700. Dr ruled out ectopic pg. But why wasnt sac visable?	Keep follow up Your doctor will need to interpret very specific cases as we do not have enough information. The next step is to determine if you have a viable pregnancy or not.
688047	Normal ekg, echo, chest x-ray, blood work and stress test. Seen a pulmonologist and was cleared for ashtma etc. What would cause sob? Its not anxiety.	Not anxiety? Anxiety & panic attacks frequently cause shortness of breath, as well as many other physical symptoms. I'm glad you have such good results from your heart and lung evaluations so far. I don't know what your doctors will come to, about your situation -- but here's info about panic attacks: http://www.Mayoclinic.Com/health/panic-attacks/ds00338/dsection=symptoms.
486275	Have cervical spondylosis  c5-c6, c6-c7 and osteophytes touching nerves. What arm strengthening exercises can be done and what to avoid?	Consult specialist See orthopedic/sports medicine specialist or physiatrist or excellent physical therapist to discuss options for exercises. If possible, take along radiographs or other imaging studies for doc to review.
6766038	About 4 weeks pregnant, intense abdominal pain, intense nausea, dizziness, feverish,no appitite, light bleeding for 4 days. Is this a miscarriage?	Prompt evaluation If you are having intense abdominal pain and bleeding then it is imperative that you are promptly evaluated in an ER or with your doctor. Things may be ok but a tubal pregnancy is the first thing that needs to be ruled out.
1230328	Fell 6 weeks ago. No fracture on xray. Pain, swelling in forearm and hand. Numbness- pinky, ring finger. Worse w/ rain. Could iy be soft tissue damage?	Inflamation/hematoma Could be soft tissue damage or hematoma causing swelling and compression of nerves.
6783677	Why do my knees make a popping sound when I straighten my leg out after having my legs bent for a short period of time? Is this a bad sign?	NOT NECESSARILY This is a sound from HEALTHY CARTILAGES in your knees and is of no importance UNLESS you are experiencing PAIN, SWELLING, LOCKING,or BUCKLING >If any of those symptoms exist . .see an ORTHOPEDIC SPECIALIST! Hope this helps! Dr Z
1001312	Phentermine affects wound healing after breast reduction surgery, help?	Stop diet pills During your recovery from surgery, and eat a high protein diet. Your body needs "building blocks" for wound healing. Stop taking your Phentermine prior to surgery - it can make you more prone to heart arrhythmias while you are under anesthesia.
1377909	M/C 2 wks ago @ 4 wks. HCG down to 0 in 2 days. HCG now 52. U/S had no tissue in uterus or tubes. New pregnancy or retained tissue from m/c?	Possibly new If your BHCG was zero and now it is increasing and this is most likely a new pregnancy. You'll have to repeat the hormone level and see if it's trending upwards or downwards.
1392095	I have taken amoxicillin and z pack 3 day and now on clindamycin 500 what is the chance of c diff?	C. difficile The risk if Clostridium Difficile infection is always increased with the use of antibiotics. Some antibiotics are more implicated than others. It is important for you and the doctor(s) prescribing the antibiotics to review the risks and benefits of ongoing antibiotic usage. Other factors that may increase your risk include prior C. difficile infection or recent hospitalization.
627186	Birth control pill, bloating, sensitive breast, missed scheduled periods on bc pack& unscheduled brown spotting for past 2 months, 2 neg tests, pregnancy?	Pregnancy test need The only way to know for sure whether this is pregancy vs an abnormal cycle or cycles is to get a pregnancy test. A urine test may be adequate but a blood (serum) test is more accurate, particularly with early pregnancy.
1325808	What to do about hepatitis b antigen, hep b core IgM - acute or chronic?	Hep B Hep B core IgM antibody is only present in acute infection. The IgM will then be lost, and you develop Heb B core antibody total (IgG) that persists for life. After acute infection, one hopefully loses the surface antigen and develops surface antibody, which indicates lifelong immunity. The surface antibody also persists for life. If persisting surface antigen, this indicates chronic infection.
1512464	What happens after an overdose of Otrivin pediatric (xylometazoline hydrocloride), a nasal spray?	Call poison control It really depends on what you mean by 'overdose'. . asking a question here is likely not what you should be doing. Contact poison control. One may experience fainting, low heart rate, among other things.
716665	Had sore sternum and back pain between shoulder blades.Sore throat for weeks and a swollen lymph node in left neck choke on food.I have acid reflux?	Not reflux Certainly not acid reflux! please see ENT or GI specialist.
1086297	I have red swollen and itchy scrotum, what is this and treatment?	See professionals... How long has it been? The described pictures suspect the occurrence of acute epididymitis if deep inside the sac or scrotal abscess from infected sebaceous cyst if on the scrotal skin, and either requires urgent attention. So, collect the onset, duration, and progress of the symptoms with their detailed sequence of event, and bring those to doc for review, analysis, more hx, physicals, tests...
281661	Iv got a red itchy raised rash on my upper inner arms close to my arm pits and it feels like it is burning ..What could it be?	Cheek rash Need to find the cause of the rash & treat that. Dermatologist can help identify the type & the irritants causing it, or any illnesses associated with it.
973924	Will taking prednisone cause bakers cyst in knee?	No I am not aware of any known association of Prednisone causing a baker's cyst.
970997	How i can stop from snoring? Is there treatment to stop it? What should I do? I feel ashamed when i sleep with my friend.	Snoring Different causes and treatment options. Enlarged tonsils /adenoids, obesity, etc. Can cause it. Sometimes familial- the whole family snores! snoring with sleep apnea has long term health consequences. See an ENT doctor, get checked to find out the cause and appropriate treatment.
1375656	Small red slightly raised circular bumps on my feet. It's not itchy and I assume some sort of  bug bite. I was in a swampy area and this skin exposed.	No treatment If the rash is asymptomatic except that it is there, you really don't need to treat it. Thee are many things that come to mind after wading around in a swampy area - something obviously irritated the skin. However, if it's not bothering you (no itch, burn, etc), no need to put anything on it. Just monitor and see what happens over the next week. If other question, please let us know....
1048750	Past mth keep getting itchy red bumps on face, neck, &chest. What could it be?	We have to see it We can't tell you what that is until we see the rashes. The most common itchy rash at your age group in the us and during the winter is eczema. You might try to use more moisturizer. You should go see a local doctor if it persists.
1263219	Is calluses in feet early sign of  foot deformities in arthritis?	No No calluses are generally limited to the skin and subcutaneous tissue. They are not related to any bone deformity. If calluses are not kept clean they may not heal which may eventually cause a local infection. And worst case scenarios this infection may spread to the bone and cause osteomyelitis which is the infection of the bone. This could be complicated specially in diabetic patients and may require amputation of the bon.
1496771	Surgery for anal fissure done last sat. one week later bleeding while passing stools. Fresh blood just flowing. Is it from fissure or from the UC? Hel	Anal Fissure Repair Most likely the bright red blood is still from the surgery to fix the anal fissure. As you know it is in a difficult place to heal and having bleeding a week later is not unusual. Make a call to your surgeon for advice.
6790447	I had a high fever the past two days, but not today. Today I've had some diarrhea and a stiff, sore neck. No headache or confusion, meningitis?	Not meningitis Most significant finding in meningitis is clouded mental status which you clearly don't have. I also don't have h/a or confusion
1423535	I get sporadic pins and needles in my hand, legs and heels of my feet and lasts for around 5min everyday. And reason why? I live in South Africa	Many possible dx There are several possible causes. I would advise a screening test for Diabetes. If you have any hot/cold sensation in your hands/feet, please bring this to the attention of your physician as well. They will discuss whether your symptoms could represent peripheral nervous system involvement.
6734653	Ive got sharp pain that comes and goes on my right side under my rib cage. When it first came i had diarhhea and bladder problems alomg with fever.	Gallbladder There are a number of possibilities and I would not hesitate to be seen. Among the possibilities include problems with your gallbladder, a good exam and appropriate studies can almost certainly determine the cause.
58829	Flu like symptoms with no headache, nausea or diarrhea. Extreme aches and painful esophagus?	See an md Could have inflammation or infection of esophagus.
6771620	Took Monistat 1 day or night less mess ovule yesterday. Had a lot of thick and waxy discharge almost like literally all of the medicine had fallen out. I am having irritation, itching and swelling of labia minora. I am concerned that I have made it worse	Swelling p/ monostat Maybe an allergic reaction or just the dose in Monstat 1. . Would try sitz bath and follow up with doc may respond better to nystatin trouches for which you need prescription
745246	Can the symptoms of mono always present with a sore throat?	Mono Not always, but it is quite frequent to have sore throat as a symptom.
902019	I had a urine culture done. Showed no infection. Nitrates are neg but leukocytes pos. I have all the classic symptoms of a uti. I'm on antibiotics but still feel pain. Urgency, freq, pain, etc.	Urine If urine culture was adequately done and is negative, then your symptoms are not due to urinary tract infection. You may have a vaginal issue (yeast infection) or bladder spams that can cause similar symptoms.
572701	Im pregnant and I have vaginal itching n swelling on around n inside my vagina could it be a yeast infection?	Probably See your family doctor for a specific diagnosis.
798997	How common is oral gonorrhea and oral chlamydia?If I have vaginal and oral sex and was exposed would I have gonorrhea or chlamydia in both places?	Yes you could Get it orally you need to see your gyn or the er or urgent visit center as soon as possible for diagnosis and treatment and both can cause problems orally and in the vagina, cervix uterus, and tubes and if you are positive then after treatment u need a test of cure and obviously your partner needs to be treated and needs a test of cure.
1446042	Lost virginity 3 days ago, on birth control. Stuck tip in only a inch eith precum i think. Diagnosed with UTI. Lower stomach pain & breast tenderness.	Question? Doubt pregnancy if taking birth control correctly
301527	Advice please symptoms: red rash & spider ang. On chest & face, cvi, raynauds, joint pain stiff.& muscle aches, diffuse hair loss. Rf & sr low ANA - ?	Mixed CTD Sure sounds like a possible mixed connective disease syndrome even though serologies negative --- would refer to rheumatologist.
328299	I had a uretoeroscopy no stone found and today is 6 days after stent removal i had sharp groin pain and feel sore there+foam in urine is this normal?	Ureteroscopy Instrumentation can cause air to get trapped in the bladder. If the bladder doesn't empty fully it can take a week for it to fully empty.This could be the air you're voiding. It can be weeks before the symptoms full resolve from instrumemtation.
1126928	Got tested for HSV 1 & 2 blood test came back negative.. Could these blisters i get on my inner thighs be shingles?They resemble HSV blisters, burn and itch a lot any help would be greatly appreciated.	Yes Rather get a local active lesion culture. Talk to your pmd when you have a active lesion.
382062	What should I do about the numbness and tingling in leg? I hurt my back moving this weekend.  Since monday I have had constant numbness and tingling in my right leg, from the top of my leg down to my knee, from the top of my thigh to the outside of my leg	The The numbness and tingling you are experiencing in your leg after a back injury could indeed be nerve damage or compression from a herniated disc. The good news is that most people recover with non-surgical treatment, though it can take a very long time. Treatments typically include: - rest - bed rest is not recommended after 1-2 days, but avoiding activities such as lifting for the first week after injury can be helpful. - ice and heat - ice in the first 2-3 days can help decrease swelling. Heat after that can increase blood flow and mobility to the area - anti-inflammatory medications such as alieve (naproxen) or Motrin (ibuprofen) not only provide pain relief, but help with swelling in the area - physical therapy and exercise - probably one of the most effective ways of treating back pain i've added a helpful link to a website written by the national institute for health that gives more in-depth information on back injury. If your symptoms are not improving after 72 hours of treatment at home, or if you have worsening numbness, tingling, muscle weakness, loss of bladder or bowel control, contact your doctor immediately.
1294533	I am coughing up chunks of mucus, yellow & thick cold 2 weeks but subsiding. Had nasal congestion with yellow mucus now that's gone. Feel it in throat?	Sinus infection? About 10% of people who had a cold ended up with a sinus infection. Since this has been going on for 2 weeks, it is time to see your doctor.
1347581	Have unrepaired ASD; tingling&numbness in fingers when pulse is below 90, in feet below 80, now moving to face. Is this due to poor blood flow/O2?	Asd These would be unusual symptoms for ASD or for heart rates under 80. This type of generalized parasthesiae can be due to deficiencies in vitamin B12,magnesium,calcium,potassium or types of neuropathy. Discuss this with your physician who will order the appropriate tests and/or refer you to a neurologist.
659504	I've  had 2 mri's, one contrast & a CT scan. As well as numerous blood work done. Nothings showing up. I'm still dizzy w/ neuro symtpoms, 8 mos now?	Migraine or epilepsy Both of these conditions can cause symptoms with no evidence of structural abnormality on MRI or ct scan. Would be useful to know what type of symptoms you have, how old you are and what other medical conditions you suffer from in making a better diagnosis.
6676062	Pain shoulder, burning upper arm, stiffness/pain/cramps forearm...what could this be? MRI neck fine.	Best 2 see a neurolo -gist. There may be nerve compression more distally.
379319	Could i be pregnant? Hi please read, i hope you can provide me with some help please! I have been sexually active. (started july 8 2011) i was spotting light pink the day after unprotected sex for 5days, with 1very light day. The day after my husband egac	The The early signs of pregancy vary amongst women, but here are some classic signs: 1. Late/abonormal menstration - may experience spotting as egg implants to uterus 2. Nausea/vomiting - morning sickness 3. Fatigue/drowsiness 4. Back pain 5. Heachaches - due to hormone changes 6. Darkening of nipple/areola 7. Frequent urination pregnancy hormone can be detected in the urine about 14 days after conception, take a pregancy test if her period is late.
888031	My granddaughters take melatonin 3mg or Benadryl 50mg for sleep each night.  Is this safe. They are 10 and 12 years old.	NO It is not safe for pre-adolescent or adolescents for that matter to be taking any sleeping aids of any type. At this age sleep should be a common end of the days activities. Please advise accordingly.
1260281	Tested + for ANA homogeneous 1:60 n centromere 1:180 ...R there additional more specific tests needed to be drawn for crest n sclederma?	See below Scleroderma is diagnosed based on clinical findings and lab results. There are more specific tests such as scl 70. See this site for more info and it would be prudent to discuss the issue with your doctor. http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/331864-overview.
6631682	Period usually lasting 4-5 days. Period only lasted 1-2 days very light spotting. Negative pregnancy test. Tender breast could I be pregnant?	Maybe If you think you might be pregnant then check a pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. In minutes you will have your answer
6631863	On depo, want to try nexplanon. Same side effects? Do I have to wait until I'm off Depo-Provera to try a new birth control?	Depo vs nexplanon The main difference between the two is that depo is progesterone, and Nexplanon is estrogen. Nexplanon is good for 3 years while depo only lasts for 3 months. Depo will cause increased hair growth bone loss wile nexplanon will cause blood clots. If you want to switch you should wait until 10-12 weeks from your last depo shot.
1400263	Sudden sharp pain above the left breast. I have constant left shoulder and arm pain as well as tingling in left hand from my thumb to my middle finger?	Chest pain? It sounds to me like you should be evaluated to rule out a heart attack right away. Better safe than sorry.
1376237	What symptoms can a deviated septum cause? Could my deviated septum be the reason behind my allergies,breathing trouble,congestion and sleep apnea?	Genetics So long as you haven't broken your nose the most likely cause is genes. i.e. you were born that way. This could be a part of the cause of the symptoms you have however with that list I would see an ENT doctor for a formal evaluation.
1410904	If i pop a tiny flesh colored bump right above prepuce of clitoris where skin is, not in pubic hair area, & pus comes out like pimple, no big deal?	Well i don' recommen popping things as that is frequently how people get superinfections. I don;t know if it was a plugged follicle or cyst. See gynecologist or dermatologist for a diagnosis if it doesn't go away
198513	What exactly is arthroscopic knee surgery? When is it done? What is the recovery time? Is it dangerous?	Incision, scope, cut Anesthetize area, insert scope thru small incision, establish problem after washing out cloudy fluid with sterile clear sol'n, insert thin surgical tool (like scissor), correct prob. Done for torn meniscal cartilage, ant cruciate ligament, remove loose fragments or inflamed tissue. Recovery time depends on proc and ortho: 1-8 wks. Anesthesia reax, infection, clots, fluid reaccum: generally safe.
967480	After using the yeast infection cream, my vagina and bum hurt, why?	Yeast infection hurt If you use yeast infection cream with your complaint, firstly you may be allergic to its content or your DX is incorrect or you have a mixed infection; either way you should have a gyn consult with microscopic or culture reassessment to further look into your DX accuracy. Good luck.
1481797	Past month feel like I have a full bladder even when I have just been. Urine test showed little protein&white blood cells. Neg preg.whts wrong?	Probable infection The symptoms and findings on the urine test suggest urinary tract infection ( UTI) See a health care provider for evaluation and treatment.
1460153	Got bit by tiger mosquito, getting infected. dark red itchy bumps around it. It was a week ago I got bit. Dont scratch at it. What to use to clear it?	Advise exam Start Neosporin Ointment ASAP, then get checked by your physician- you may need oral antibiotics.
1167417	Please tell me, could atrial fibrillation cause st heart depressions?	Afib Atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response often causes st depression in the ECG recordings.
648672	Why do I get palpitations, shortness of breath and fatigue after exercise?	Short of breath Worthwhile getting checked by your doc for those symptoms. You may simply be out of shape and exercising wrong but being sure something else isn't going on is a good idea.
569515	I've had chronic sinusitis for many years. 2  fess surgeries, allergy shots & all the antiinflammatory/histamines, nasal rinse have not worked. Maybe balloon sinuplasty, or could it be a fungal prob?	Have u tried A combination of singular, Flonase at night and an antihistamine all together? Its likely not a fungal problem but likely an anatomy issue. I'm not aware of the procedure but you sound like u need relief. Oh yeah, what about an air purifier?
1381360	i have pregnancy of 9 weeks, TORCH test, results are as under for Rubella, IgG - 9.6 (borderline) IgM-3.98 (reactive) Is it safe to continue pregnancy	Talk to your OB You need to talk to your OB. you should have Followup titers to see if this is an active infection. A Maternal Fetal specialist could help explain what's going on and the risks.
482793	Plus size and pregnant numbness in fingertips  with swelling in hands, arms . Thumb, index and middle fingers losing feeling	Not to worry Not unusual to develop local swelling in area of wrist, transverse carpal ligment, which can compress median nerve and cause carpal tunnel syndrome. After baby arrives, this all reverses within several days to a few weeks. If uncomfortable, might get wrist splints to wear at night.
867910	I have a yeast infection. I used Monistat ovule, and when i pulled the applicator out the discharge was tinged with a little blood. Is this common?	Yes The inflammation caused by the yeast can cause the tissue to bleed easily if even gently scraped by the applicator. Hopefully with the medication, the symptoms will start to resolve. If not, see your doctor.
1293365	Pain on the outside of my left leg below my knee. I feel it every time i step with that leg. Can feel it all the way down to my ankle. I play soccer.	Muscle Discomfort in this area of the leg is usually due to muscle strain. Rest the leg for a week or so to see if the discomfort improves. See your physician if discomfort persists.
6610228	Dizzy when I stand.dizzy, floaty head now and again.27 blood pressure fine,eyes fine.	Dizzy in the absence of orthostasis a disturbance in your balance mechanism might be responsible, if symptoms are persistent then you need a proper physical evaluation
6614605	Child has JRA on methotrexate remicaid NSAID just got off a round of steroids knee still really  swollen in similar situations what is next step?	See her doctor First I wish your child recovery/control of her RA symptoms, given the bit complex condition especially with the potent drugs she is on and the round of steroids given lately, you need to stick to the regimen and get back to the treating physician, he/she can judge what is the next step, or seek a second opinion if you can, that's your right, goodluck
516892	Every 3 to 4 months i wake up with a very dull headache, later i  develope nausea and then i vomit. What causes this? I do take hpertension meds.	Could be migraine Sounds like occasional migraine headaches, and you would likely benefit from an abortive med such as a triptan to stop these, but triptans can adversely affect blood pressure in some patients. Work closely with your physician, as likely simple approaches might suffice. Good luck.
225325	Is walking up and down the stairs bad for your legs / knees?	Walking up/down stai No as long as you do not have any medical problem with your knees, going up and down the stairs is not bad for your legs/knees. It is good for your overall health including heart, circulation and muscles.But if you have pathology in your knees or hips than consult your doctor if it should be done.
1480223	Am due 4 my period on 17th bt been havin cramps,back pain,tender breasts n a lil brown discharge although i took postenor 2 on d 1st.wat r dos signs?	Resubmit question I am sorry- your question is not clear- if you think you are pregnant: you must miss 1 complete cycle, early morning nausea/vomiting, breast pain or fullness. See GYN for a pelvic exam
1042392	It burns when i pee and my vagina is itchy with discharge. Could it be a yeast infeccin?	Several things Here are some possibilities to discuss with your doctor. Genital herpes is one. This causes painful blisters, ulcers and itching. Yeast infection is another. If you have been scratching then cuts certainly are possible. Allergic reaction. Many have allergic reactions to soap, detergent and other things. A bladder infection can cause urinary burning. Schedule a visit soon to determine the cause.
876442	What are the causes of fatigue? Such as when you have been working all day, resting a little, but feel light headed and just need to sleep by late pm?	Fatigue Several factors could cause fatigue in your age group. Anemia, thyroid disease, anxiety, depression, vitamin deficiencies, viral infections, electrolyte imbalances to name a few. Your physician should be able to run a few tests to assist you in finding the cause of your fatigue. Hope this helps.
1139470	There is a clicking in my throat when i swallow.  Not the pressure in my ears  but actually in my throat on the left side. What are all possibilities?	Cartilage problem Likely snapping of an elongated thyroid cartilage over the cricoid cartilage. Requires surgery for correction. See an ENT doc.
543514	Sinus drainage, all clear mucous, post nasal drip in back of throat, clearing throat constantly, just started getting body aches, but no fever?	What's the question? The symptoms sound like a viral respiratory infection ("cold"). Unless you develop a high fever, severe cough, chest pain, or shortness of breath, no antibiotics or specific medicines will help. The best treatments are rest, lots of fluids, a nasal decongestant or antihistamine if you are uncomfortably congested or need to just dry the drip, and a non-prescription pain reliever if needed.
6650701	Pain Like there's a knot by right shoulder blade and both arms bands of pain and tender spot to press on back and cold feeling on area. Why? Causes?	Knot Most likely a pulled muscle. Take some anti flammability and see if that helps
1186374	If someone has oral hsv1 but has no symptoms, how likely is it that they can give you hsv1 genitally through oral sex?	Herpes 75% of the humans around you have hsv1. 90% of those have no outbreaks. But, the bad news is that all are still contagious through viral shedding. Having sores, we now know, are in no way predictive of contagiousness. There is no test to predict when anyone is shedding this virus. It is much more likely that your friend already has hsv1.
6739206	Lt bleeding up to 6hrs aft intercourse-days later passed a dime size clot in stool filled w/bright red blood. Concern? Dx breast & thyroid cancer 41y	Need for examination It would be prudent to see your gynecologist as it requires an in-person examination to ascertain the cause.
1551537	I noticed a lump in my right breast.When I consulted with my doctor,she said it was a normal cyst.She suggested draining it.Is this process painful?	You might need an ultrasound to determine whether the lump is really a cyst before having a drainage procedure. That said, a cyst aspiration is performed under local anesthesia(or sometimes no anesthesia). It is a simple procedure, maybe you will feel a pinch and minor discomfort from the needle. It will only take a few seconds.
26724	What could cause skin peeling and redness on the penis?	Yeast Usually this is a yeast infection, like athlete's foot. Same bug. Could be mechanical damage, std or believe it or not sun damage or exposure to uv light (suntanning salon). If it itches, usually yeast. But, like you have heard me say, can't diagnosis a rash over the internet or phone.
1447022	I've been getting a tingling feeling in my hands and feet legs arms head at random times what could it be Anxiety Or cause I sleep crazy weird	Other stuff are you short of breath or hyperventilating when this occurs? anything else? sings of panic attacks: sense of doom, sweating, tremor, raping breathing racing heart, fear of loss of control,
576937	My doctors said that my avm is located in c3-c5 level of my spine but then, last october i had my 1stt angiogram everything's normal. What should I do?	Get follow-up A spinal avm is very rare. There are different ways to look for it. Mri is a good screening tool. But, the angiogram is considered the gold standard. You may consider a follow-up MRI to see if there is any abnormality. You may also have the case reviewed by another neurosurgeon. The quality of the angiogram is also important. You may check with your 2nd opinion that it is good quality.
1593372	I have an implant now and I haven't been to the dentist since. Recently my left cheek started swelling and my left lymph node underneath my jawline is swollen and not painful. What could be the cause?	Saliva gland The saliva gland is probably partially blocked . You need to use some lemon to stimulate the release of saliva to help the blocked gland. If that doesn't help in 2 days set up an appointment with an Ear Nose & Throat Dr as soon as possible.
6712643	Really red sore throat for 4 weeks, took cephalexin 250 mg 7 days, had to take cipro for uti, just finished still red & Sore bumps back tongue fatigue?	Thrush? You may have thrush (oral candidal/yeast infection) from the antibiotics. Check with your doc, or call for treatment.
184077	Why  after a mastecomy are you not supposed to check blood pressure or venipuncture on that side?	Risk of Lymphedema Mastectomy often involves removing the axillary lymph nodes from the arm pit. It is believed that venopuncture and blood pressure measurements, especially if done repeatedly, can cause significant and fairly perment arm swelling called lymphedema.
1499451	Tooth abcess since sat,face swole & hurts. Takin 500mg amoxicillin & 50mg Tramadol since sat. Not helpin, still big, dentist appt mon. Should I go Now?	If no improvement &amp; you have pain, fever, swelling, possible cellulitis developing, by all means go in now. You don't have to wait a week and be in misery. The dentist will understand, and evaluate what is happening to you to increase so much pain, and can double check that an abscess is not brewing. You don't want to have cellulitis developing as it can go into your sinuses or eyes next. Get help fast!
6758735	The entrance of my vagina  is a little swollen, whitish gray thin discharge, no smell n it hurts when I pee n itches. NOS. Is yeast or more serious?	See doctor or clinic Any abnormal or new vaginal discharge should be professionally evaluated. You describe mixed symptoms both for and against bacterial vaginosis (bacterial overgrowth) and yeast. It could be another infection, such as an STD if you're at risk (new partner, partner who has sex with others, etc). Simply no way to know without professional exam and testing. See your doctor, or local NHS GUM clinic.
1345753	Had hemorrhoid since 20 w pregnant (oct). didn't bug me til 2 weeks ago started treating, now have itchy red swollen vagina. Related? Yeast?	Possible you didn't mention what you were treating them with, but if you have had any antibiotics recently, then yeast is a good bet. Go see your Doc and get this checked and diagnosed/treated properly. Be well.
1400993	Headache, fatigue, cramping, bloated, constipation, tender nipples, back pain, dizziness. Last period started June 3. Am I pregnant?	Check pregnancy test Cause of recurrent abdominal/pelvic discomfort as described may be identified by first addressing signs/symptoms so as to localize the organ involved: vaginal discharge or bleeding, alteration in periods, pregnancy risk? Fever, nausea, vomiting, altered stool pattern, blood with stool, tenderness, distension? Painful urination, blood in urine? Recent trauma, herniations? Age? Gender? Risk factors?
1397446	Always have gas pains , gas , bloted , abdomen pain ,  back pain , rib pain , stools change constipated / mushy , 5 months already is it IBS ?	Very likely Sure sound like it to me.
1475017	My bicep is sore and it is occasionally twitching. Is this serious, or could it be a pulled muscle? Could it be ALS?	Not ALS Sorry, you can't be diagnosed with ALS. You would be 4 years younger than what is taken as the lower age limit for the CLASSICAL form of ALS (which is rare as heck!). Either too much weightlifting, tug of war, or yardwork....nah...16 year olds can't do TOO much yardwork! LOL! Study hard, no cigs, drugs, or alcohol, drive SAFELY and RESPONSIBLY! Those are your concerns. Not ALS.
516096	Pls advice me how long can I safely use nasonex nasal spray, ve used it for years now, but if stop get congestion due turbinate swelling and brain fog?	Long term Intranasal steroid sprays like Nasonex are safe for long term use and not known to cause rebound symptoms when stopped. Instead consider that you may be exposed to allergens or irritants that are causing symptoms and held at bay by the medication. While off the med, symptoms worsen. Consider seeing an allergist for testing to determine why you need Nasonex in the first place.
1401027	"Facet enlargement in the lower lumbar spine and multilevel degen disc narrowing.There is foraminal stenosis, greatest on the r side @ L4-L5" Meaning?	Means that the facet joint has arthritis and extra bone has grown there causing a narrowing of where the exiting nerve roots come out. This can results in pain in the back and/or leg in the distribution of the nerve(s) being irritated.
1064137	What is the risk of skin cancer from painful mole?	It depends A painful mole is probable an irritated or inflammed mole. Please show it to your doctor to help you to take care of it by either removal or some giving you some local medication.
273725	Under my eyes are swelling ... Its been a week since it started ... I thought it was a sunburn but it is getting wose and worse ... It is burning flaking... Bumpy... Dry and I am confused.?	Allergic reaction? Your description sounds like an allergic reaction but without looking at it there is no way to be sure. I would avoid makeup/lotions/anything you are applying to skin or eyes. I would also try to think of anything you may have change recently (soaps/detergents/etc). Cool compresses, artificial tears to the eyes if irritated, and seeing an eye or skin doctor are a good idea.
507709	My right ear has been giving me trouble for about 3 years now. Everyday once my heart rate goes up a little, my ear clogs and sounds like it's full of water and i feel like i'm talking real loud because of the vibrations i'm hearing, but no fluid in it. O	Right ear Hello, sounds like you might have an inner ear infection. You might consider an ear specialist.. Good luck.
6673079	Uterus is enlarged and swollen for 4 months. I also had irregular period cycles from 16-29 days. Ultrasounds and hpts are negative, so what is wrong?	Endometrial dis? An endometrial biopsy may be necessary to understand your hormonal and endometrial status. Check with your gynecologist.
609845	What is the difference between co2 fraxel and affirm active deep fx laser therapy? Which one works better for deep acne scars?	No difference... Both technologies use a microspot co2 laser which treats approximately 30% of the surface skin of the face with one treatment. The treatment recommended would depend on your scars and skin type. Ice-pick scars respond best to punch excision and later resurfacing. Deeply irregular textured scars sometimes respond best to dermabrasion. Find a surgeon skilled in all techniques for best results!
1154339	I had unprotected sex and the following morning my normal period started. I'm unaware of my ovulation cycle. Am i still at high risk for pregnancy?	No If your period started - and if you are certain it's your period - you are definitely not pregnant.
1011196	Blood tests shows high gamma globulin & high igg. Ifx shows no monoclonal protein & free light chains are within normal range. What does this mean?	It might be a benign Many benign processed can cause hypergammaglobulinemia, which are benign elevations without a para -protein or m-spike on serum protein electrophoresis(spe)> it all depends on how high is the gammaglobulin level and making sure the liver functions are ok and there is no chronic inflammation(like rheumatoid arthritis, sarcoidosis etc) going on inside the body.
61033	Can a single pimple around the vaginal area consider to be an std?	See below Usually pimples are not std.
811332	Abnormal EKG blood presure 122/80, heart skipping beats. Little pain dr sent me home stress test in the morning. Can I have a heart attack?Scared! er?	Just don't worry Go to your appointment and get your stress test. You have few risk factors for coronary artery disease. Stress test it's done in a control environment. Now, if you develop any different type if chest pain like more intense or associated with nauseas, vomiting, sweating, dizziness, heart palpitation etc go to er. Good luck.
642919	I have a sore arm seems like the tendon on the outside of the elbow is slightly swollen?	Tennis elbow Swelling and tenderness on the outside of the elbow is consistent with tennis elbow (lateral epicondylitis). This is commonly due to overuse. Treating it as an injury (rest, ice, compress, elevate) should provide some relief. If that does not help medical evaluation is necessary.
1463823	I had a stress echo a 3d echo and a cardiac MRI/MRA at the mayo clinic Would this not rule out  blockage?I have chest pain but they say from GERD&POTS	Thorough testing You've had extensive testing, by a well respected clinic, for a condition that's rather uncommon in 26 year-old males. There's always more to the story, than the testing can answer. Visiting another physician, for a thorough history and physical exam and a second opinion, may help reassure any concerns.
1297841	Hi docs, my friend showing signs of a somatoform disorder, probably serious hypochondriasis-- how to be supportive?	Tread carefully Educate yourself. Look up these conditions to understand the person isn't "faking" it; there are psychological dimensions. Check in on your own level of frustration, try to be reassuring without being overly optimistic, avoid challenging denial or irrational beliefs, encourage appropriate use of doctors and mental health referrals, and avoid becoming burned out or overly involved, yourself.
1094614	Uterus is bleeding dr verified/pelvic exam /pulling sensation on left/no cyst/not on period. What is issue? Can't handle another pelvic exam they hurt	Imaging studies Request you physician for pelvic ultrasound or ct scan.
6660775	Haven't had period in two years with mirena but recently have had spotting cramping and tender breast and nipples also I've noticed  white dots on nip?	Not uncommon Mirena works well. However, some of the side effects include cramps, menstrual irregularity and breast tenderness.
529234	I've been sick for over a week coughing fatigue sore throat fever nausea dizzy and finding it hard to breathe, this morning i coughed up blood?	Immediate care You should obtain immediate medical care; if your regular physician is not available, i would go directly to the nearest emergency room. This a potentially fatal illness, especially if breathing problems exist.
1331861	My daughter suffers from severe headaches that radiate from front all the way around the head and complains about being dizzy.   Wisdom teeth r not in?	Tension-type Headache can develop from episodic Tension-type Headache and the resultant headache is considered a chronic form. The clinical presentation is similar to episodic TTH except for the increased frequency of attacks. The headaches are usually bilateral and diffuse and often have tenderness in the cervical muscles (neck) as well as the pericranial muscles. Rec.: see orofacial pain/headache specialist
950647	Sore throat, hurts when i swallow. Upper throat and left jaw pain. Bit of fever and headache. Achy tightness in chest, slight coughing. Any ideas?	See pcp Get throat culture.
6727954	Nausea, migraine, strong cramps, swollen dry tongue and fainting  just before and during each period? Hormones tested and are normal.	Need continued F/U These are major symptoms that need to be treated and followed by your primary physician as you have several very debilitating problems. Your primary physician can help and get a referral to see if you can get some relief. God luck and keep on top of it to try and find a solution.
1069187	I have a strong pain on my right knee (on the outside) when i crunch down. I had surgery on that knee 13 years ago. Im 18, should I see a doctor?	Yes See your doctor or the orthopedic who did the surgery to determine what the cause is.
77121	When your sunburns peeling and it itches what can you use to releve the itch?	Anti-itch cream Sunburn is caused by sun damage to the skin. The itching is part of the inflammatory response to that damage. You can use aloe-containing products, much as you would for a burn. Also, 1% Hydrocortisone cream may be of benefit. The main thing, though, is to avoid getting burned again in the future. Sunburns can be associated with the development of skin cancer.
1285618	Queasy weeing a lot thirsty dry lips gas burping tired pimples const/diarrhea on&off bleeding gums lower left cramps mild backache headache boob pain?	Infection You have diabetes or a urinary tract infection. Please sign off of the internet and go to your doctor.
1433757	I take 20 mg celexa for anxiety I want to quite smoking and someone suggested that I change to wellbutrin it will help me to quite. Is this true?	Yes Wellbutrin (also known as bupropion or Zyban) has evidence that it helps people stop smoking.
524617	Period was due  dec 30th, been cramping everyday since then, no period(9 days) sore breasts heartburn & fatigue but neg hpt should I get a blood test?	Possibly Although not probable, its possible. Try a home pregnancy test. If negative, repeat in a week. If you're still having menstrual irregularities, see your doctor.
1236183	I have brown discharge & a little cramping. I haven't had my period for months because i was on Depo-Provera shot. Now i'm a month late for my shot what wrong?	Are you Pregnant? Maybe you should test. If negative then it is hormones are just readjusting which can take awhile. If not pregnant and no period in 3 months see your doctor.
1407072	I got poison oak and was given hydroxyzine as an antihistamine, but it makes me really drowsy. Is there anything I can do to counteract this effect?	Try topical steroid You can try hydrocortisone ointment 1% which is over the counter. Apply to the affected areas of the skin . You can try hydroxyzine when you are not working especially before going to bed. Avoid putting Benadryl on the skin
383821	Breast and arm pit pain hi i've been having pain in my left breat and underarm for quite some time. I've had a breast exam, an ultrasound, and a mammogram. They see nothing. Sometimes its a stabbing feeling and sometimes a constant ache.  I am large breas	I I am glad that you had the tests that you had. It is important that you pursue this and have re-evaluation. Please see your doctor again or a surgeon and relate your family history and your concerns. You need further testing of the area as you are still having pain. Of course if you develop increased pain or new complaints then you would have to be seen as an emergency.
643357	Which one is the most dangerous fibroid? Submucosal, intramural or subserosal?(asked related to the scar caused to uterus after myomectomy) ?	It depends Where each kind is and how large each kind is, a submucous myoma can cause bleeding, infertilty and miscarr, i remove these by the myosure method, very little to no scarring.
1101425	I suffer with ear infections & antibiotics aren't getting rid. I now feel like I have flu, sickness, green sore throat & tongue, headache, contested ear?	See doctor Antibiotic resistance is a problem with treating ear infections. If the antibiotic is not working, see your doctor. You might need a different one. Also, if you have a virus, then the antibiotics won't help. Sometimes you will need to have your ears drained in severe cases or when nothing else helps.
1292542	L3-l4 minor degenerative facet change. No impingement. L4-l5 minor degenerative facet change. No impingement.L5-s1 bilateral degenerative facet change?	Low back pain The low back pain that you describe is arthritis of the lumbar joints. The most common levels affected in the low back are between the l3/4 and l4/5 levels. The treatments often begin with physical therapy, chiropractic care, and pain management. If the nonoperative treatments fail to eliminate the pain, then surgery may be indicated.
863187	Radial artery occlusion. How do u know if u have good vascular blood supply or circulation in fingers and hands. What tests determine this.	Radial artery occlus A simple in home way of checking your circulation and getting first impression of its status would be to check your radial artery pulse just distal to your thumb base. If the occlusion is higher on the arm but the pulse is present, it's a good sign, then the occlusion is not total. If there is no pulse there, you may push on your fingernail. Usually blood comes back in less than 2 secs.
6702734	Is there such a thing as too much probiotics? I try to eat yogurt daily and started taking a probiotic (25 billion) to prevent bacterial vaginosis.	Very safe We have about 100 trillion bacteria in our intestines so 25 billion is a relatively small and safe amount. Some probiotics contain much higher amounts yet are considered safe. See http://www.health.harvard.edu/vitamins-and-supplements/health-benefits-of-taking-probiotics
690414	I have been diagnosed with tennis elbow in both arms runners knee in both knees over 1 month. Now have sore wrists, neck and thumb, and first 2 finger?	Need workup With multi- joint involvement i would recommend a rheumatologist be your next consultation. This may be a systemic immune issue and proper diagnosis is important.
1239525	Can you get pregnant after a tubal ligation?My period is 5 days late, i'm nauseous, sweating, and have some mild tingling on the sides of my breast.	Possibly Yes, pregnancy after a tubal ligation is still possible. Due to you having had a tubal ligation there are other things to consider as well.While the chances of you having a pregnancy are low, if it did happen the chances of this being a tubal pregnancy(ectopic pregnancy) are higher than the average person. So if there is a concern about pregnancy see you health care provider. Hope this was helpful.
577392	I have diagnosed with gerd, I have upper stomach bloating and feeling of fullness after meals .No stomach ulcers founded .What should I do  for relief?	Anti gas Try some over the counter anti gas preparations. If no relief, see your doctor. It could be that you have gastroparesis associated with the gerd, a condition where the stomach doesn't empty right, but this is fairly unlikely.
1027641	I am 67, had chicken pox at 7 which led to encephalitis. Is it safe for me to get shingles vaccination since it uses live virus?	Encephalitis history Not safe thanks.
892398	Slipped and fell on knee. No swelling but a lot of burning when i stand or walk or lie down.What is cause?	? abrasion If you have scraped your knee it may give you burning. If not see a doctor.
1118710	I was diagnosed with acute pharyngitis but i don't have a sore throat just dry mouth low grade fever left tonsil is swollen i was give amoxicillin ?	Pharyngitis You're really dealing with a technicality of terminology. If your tonsil is inflamed and infected, the tonsil is part of your pharynx or throat. Therefore the diagnosis of pharyngitis is appropriate. I would usually call it tonsillopharyngitis.
322121	I feel pressure in the back of my right leg. There is swelling behind my knee and a mild tingling in my right foot. Whatshould i do?	Bakers Cyst This is a growth behind the knee that puts pressure on the nerve and blood vessels. See an orthopedic surgeon.
6788030	I have a small cyst on my left ovary and my uterus is tilted to the left. Will that cause me to feel more aches? I'm 6 weeks pregnant	Probably not since it is small. Tilted uterus is probably not due to the cyst . Cyst may need to be observed by your ob-gyn depending what kind of cyst it is. To contact me click here --> https://www.healthtap.com/experts/12714048-dr-vahe-yetimyan
6677777	Ear fluttering 3 days after gun club visit
I have sensitive hearing nearly all my life. Past- tonsillectomy. Now- vit d def caff and alch use. Help?	See audiologist You may need to visit a hearing specialist to see if there are any losses in your hearing. Anybody who regularly visits gun ranges or works in extremely noisy environments or lives with teenagers who don't even know how to turn down their earbuds so their parents can concentrate needs to have their hearing tested on at least an every 3-5 year basis in my opinion.
1497416	Hot to touch nose ...itches ...hurts somewhat when touched ...red?	Infection you should get checked it may be an infection of the skin or hair follicles of the nose.
1421267	can ovarian cysts cause pregnancy symptoms? Headche, back ache, tender breasts mainly right one near arm pit, tiredness. Dont want a third child yet	Hormones Some cystic issues in the ovaries may cause hormonal changes. ..which in turn can possibly mimic some symptoms of a pregnancy.
497282	I missed my period I have lower abdominal pain lower back pain and negative pregnancy test what is wrong with me ?	Ovary cyst Most likely answer is an ovarian cyst. The other possibilty is that you just didn't ovulate.
333965	Can acid reflux give you a deep inner pain under ribs, near shoulder?	GERD Usualy not.
6614422	Does a normal CT Calcium Score Scan eliminate possibility of Atherosclerosis plaque build up in arteries?	Not entirely Usually, a calcium score >100 indicates that calcium deposits are present & that coronary heart disease/obstruction is likely present. Scores between 0 & 100 are considered normal, but this may just indicate a very small amount of calcium that hasn't progressed to disease yet. At your age, follow heart disease prevention--non-smoking, healthy eating/exercise, not calcium score. Good wishes:)
378736	Blood in urine, do men get UTI also? I am seeing blood in my urine and feeling pressure only when i go urinate. The only symptoms i had before i started seeing blood yesterday was discharge of a thick substance showing up on my underware for about a week.	Yes, Yes, men are succeptible to urinary tract infections (uti). The urethra and bladder are sterile environments. And if any bacteria/fungus/virus/foreign substance is introduced into the urethra, an infection can occur. Also, the discharge you are seeing can indicate an std or other infection. Blood in urine could occur as a result of trauma or a medical condition. Throughout the genitilia, there are many areas and blood vessels that could be broken, leading to blood in the urine or semen. Items that could cause trauma and blood in the urine could be aggressive sex or masterbation, interrupted sex, kidney stones, prostatitis or a procedural biopsy on the testicles/kidney/bladder. Medical conditions that can cause blood in the urine include: side effects of blood thinners, stds such as chlamydia/genital herpes/warts, prostate cancer or bladder cancer. Since this is an ongoing condition for your boyfriend, it is suggested that he see his doctor to determine what the cause is. If there is an infection or trauma going on, it is important to get it assessed.
1478760	I have swelling in both hands but right is much much worse. (Like double size) bird and ring fingers are completely numb. Hurts from neck all the way ?	Be seen I would certainly be seen immediately. It could be a pinched nerve in the neck, but that would not really explain the swelling. Vascular insufficiency is another of multiple possibilities. An exam and appropriate studies could likely determine the cause. Be seen.
880444	Help, how much Benadryl should I take for poison ivy?	Not enough If you just want to sleep better, Benadryl may offer some relief. Cortisone topically or orally is the only thing that would work for poison ivy.
107821	What could be causes of vaginal itching besides an STD or a yeast infection?	Varies There are a number of conditions other than yeast infections and std's that can cause vaginal itching including allergic reactions to soaps, perfumes, and laundry detergents as well as medical conditions such as lichen sclerosus et atrophicus, padget's disease of the vulva, dysplasia, and cancer. If you have persistent symptoms, it may require a biopsy for definitive diagnosis.
592563	I have been having extreme lower abdominal pain and irregular bleeding for 1 year. I have had multiple tests done, wondering if I have endometriosis.	You may Would discuss situation with your gyn. You may need a laproscopic examination.
6736482	I am feeling stretch round the right neck, right side of fore head since two months.It goes sometimes but comes back.Tingling ii head near right ear.
?	Need evaluation this could be due to the muscles around the neck and perhaps comes from a neck problem. You need to see your physician and clarify that or was there something else that may be having the same symptoms. Pinching a nerve could've also cause some of these symptoms that's what needs to be evaluated
1356456	Is Xylometazoline nasal spray available in the US (under what name)? Is it over-the-counter or prescription? How long can I use b4 rebound congestion?	Afrin Afrin (oxymetazoline) is available over-the-counter. It is recommended for short term use (2-3 days).
803448	What can I do if my dad has ingrown corns and callus on his feet. Help?	Corns and callouses Can't be "ingorwn. " they may feel painful and deep, but they don't grow "in." they are usually a symptom of a structural problem of the bones which cause rubbing on the floor or a shoe. The skin thickens as a protective response to the pressure. Do dad a favor and bring his feet to a podiatrist. You'll both feel much better afterwards!
1391461	I have sore throat cough, watery diarrhea, stomach gurgling .What can be the cause?	Sore throat An acute viral infection may be the cause.
6758653	I have chronic diarrhea, abdominal pain(losing sleep becuz of it),nausea.Sometimes my poo is completely black(very dark).what could i have?	Black stool Black stool, particularly when it is somewhat loose and foul-smelling, can be a sign of internal bleeding in the digestive tract. If you see black stool, you should have it checked out to see if it is due to bleeding. Otherwise, try increasing your fiber to see if it helps with your loose stools. If it does not help, see your doctor. Good luck.
296032	What to do for staph infection that might be mrsa?	Get medical care At minimum you will need antibiotics. Physician can assess and treat properly. Do not wait.
6782880	I am 7, almost 8 weeks along in my pregnancy and I am noticing that I am getting random bruising on my breasts. Is this normal?	PG Breast bruising When pregnancy commences, there is increased blood flow to the genitals and breasts. The breasts will have several prominent surface capillaries that are easily subject to breaking with undue trauma(bruising) no matter how slight. Wear a good bra or breast binder, and steer clear of "swinging car doors that are closing" (smile0
1155065	Sharp pain on left thumb & wrist & spread to forearm which makes it feel very heavy and numb occur most night.Is it carpal tunnel or nerve compression?	Could be CTS It sounds like it could be carpal tunnel syndrome (cts)which is a type of nerve compression, but this will often affect other fingers rather than just the thumb. Is it on the lateral or outside of the thumb? It could be a tenosynovitis as well. If you look up a test called a finklestein test, you can check yourself and see if its that. If you have neck pain, it could also be a radiculitis.
1319714	Have hard, immovable lump on the tip of collarbone near throat.  Stiff and tender in shoulder blades, at base of and sides of neck.  Possible cause?	Lymphadenopathy You need an exam hard lymph nodes that are painful and immovable are worrisome so I would let your practitioner touch it and see if further work up is needed
647438	Tkr right 23/01/2012.Knee area still painful + slightly swollen.Taking xefo8 anti flam.Helps.Rom reached is 90degrees.When half squatting 100 deg.Can rom be increased with further exercise.	Follow up with your Orthopedic . You may need a referral for physical therapy. Warm packs application may help. You should get better in time. Take care!
868864	I am having neck pain/ brain tingling sinuses hurt/ ear hurts. Muscle spasms often all over body and headaches and trouble breathing. Ideas?	A lot of issues You have a lot of symptoms. The most potentially serious one is that you have trouble breathing. It's hard to tie them all together. Some simple testing like a chest x-ray, complete blood count, and maybe sinus films would help sort some of this out. Please see your doctor for a complete evaluation.
1498495	I've had a red and very sore throat and fatigue for 2 days. Occasional body aches. No fever, coughing, sneezing, or sinus congestion. What is this?	Sore throat See your doctor to rule out a strep throat or infectious mono
6769468	Everytime i wake from sleep i end up with itchy nose and lots of sneezing. Think its dust allergy.house can never be free of dust though.any ideas?	Possible Dust mites favor the box spring, mattress, and pillow and their droppings are the allergen which gets airborne every time you toss or turn on the bed. Mite-proof encasing on all of the above items may help. On the other hand, one is rarely allergic to only one thing and thus consider seeing an allergist if the problem persists.
817964	What could my breast lump be? It is oval with a horizontal point, about the same size as a green grape, movable, and sore to touch.	See your doctor It is most likely benign but the only way to be sure is to see your doctor. If it has not gone away by the end of your next period, visit your doctor.
69339	I have chronic hepatitis b and have been told this has caused cirrosis of my liver.  Will I need a liver transplant in the future. ?	Maybe Many but not all patients with cirrhosis will go on to require liver transplantation. The first line treatment , however, is medical therapy. By following the treatment plan laid out by your gastroenterologist or hepatologist, you may be able to live with your liver disease and avoid the need for liver transplantation.
642000	My forehead itches and burns along with my scalp and neck its been going on for 4 months now my ears burn and my mouth is it anxiety?	Probably This is probably seborrheic dermatitis. See dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options.
1492391	Why do I get sore spots on my head when I have had my hair in a ponytail? My elastic band is lose and isn't always the same spot. They come and go	Tension The hair is being pulled back by the hairstyle causing low grade constant tension. This can lead to pain from the hair being pulled or from the muscles of the scalp spasming in response to the irritation.
1216567	5 mm anterolisthesis of L5 on s1, discogenic disease at l4-l5 and l5-s1, arthritic changes of the facets joints at l4l5, l5-s1, mild flattening L4 l2?	Degenerative Disease What you are describing are arthritic changes in the lumbar spine, what question are you asking, as I am unclear as to what you want to ask!
799296	After a Crohn's flare-up, she's having rashes and swelling (not always colocated) that moves around a lot between feet/legs and hands/arms.	Sounds like This sounds like hives. Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options.
598432	32yof, g7p5, missed 2 periods, with nausea dizziness and fatigue- no pain. history of ectopic and ligation. Many neg hpt. What is going on?	Possible urine fibroid Many reasons can explain this. You may have a uterine leiomyoma. You may have a uterine polyp or an ovarian dysfunction.
504035	I have been constipated on and off for several months now i think it could be IBS because i will have diarrhea gas and bloating as well a few days ago though i became so constipated that it hurts so badly right now I have used stool softeners many times b	Constipation I would first stop the stool softeners--they are just like swallowing tide--make stuff slippery, but don't really make the stool any softer. Miralax (generic okay) brings water into colon and makes stools soft. Use daily mixed with any liquid. If that isn't helping, a great new med called Linzess is like anti-depressant for your colon. Works great and is just 1 small capsule daily!
494124	Three mondays ago i lost my voice for about four days then turned into congestion and sore throat.Now have sore throat bright yellow mucous n ear ache?	Infection Sounds like you may have sinusitis. It probably was a viral infection initially, then progressed without treatment. You should see your family physician for a chechkup and possible antibiotic.
1529144	Help,
Night sweats 2/3 Times  week 
Stiff sore neck daily 1 year
Sore hands and feet
Swollen glands/slow drainage in head
fatigue and mental fog?	Night sweats You should be evaluated by your doctor or hematologist with a complete blood test as well as a chest xray to determine the cause of your night sweats
1093524	Hard lump in throat appears at random times feels as it my thyroid is swollen and is pushing against my neck. I've underactive thyroid & on thyroxine?	Thyroid Hello. Your symptoms could be related to your thyroid gland. There is also a thyroid cartilage better known as the "adam's apple". See your doctor. He/she may order an ultrasound of the neck that will provide an image of the area. Your thyroid numbers could be completely normal and the gland may be abnormally enlarged or contain nodules. Good luck.
259243	I have had severe debilitating pain in my knee joints and at the base of where my legs meet my trunk. I know I have some arthritis in hips and knees but my pain level seems to be excessive. I have not been able to have a diagnosis. The only fact I have is	Go To ortho doc.
1009318	I was told i'm a"staph carrier", anytime i get a cut, sting or bite, i get an infection in that area.I'm going to be a grandmother in dec., should I worry?	Difficult to say With coordinated treatment sometimes a carier state can be eliminated. This may require sequential treatment by more than one method, but it can be done. Staph is a common germ and we all carry some strains periodically in our nasal passages.I would discuss your concerns with your pcp and possibly see an infectious disease consultant to see if you can resolve this issue.
1125671	I had my periods two weeks ago. Today after safe sexual intercourse i saw some brown discharge on my underwear and mild short pain. Why i got that?	Ovulation Is an inflammatory process that often can result in some temporary spotting with or without intercourse. If it persists, however, see your doctor.
1487105	Can GERD cause intermediate right upper quadrant pain? Not constant but when it hurts it's a 6 out of 10..gallbladder Hida normal. Pain is off and on	Common Gerd can be associated with Gastritis which could cause intermittent pain. Sometimes such pain could be associated with meals. The history, type of pain and response to proton pump inhibitors or H2 blockers or antiacids may help estabilish the diagnosis.
1536630	I can feel stool pellets and my stomach is bloated and in pain. I feel swollen in my lower colon and have a lot of gas. What do I do?	Fiber Well, Pellets are usually the result of a diet that is poor in fiber and water.Being bloated could be a result of your constipation. The first thing I would do is just increase your fiber intake and water. Add a fiber supplement to your diet such as Metamucil, etc. Remember that fiber without plenty water could make things worse. If this doesn't help, please visit your medical doctor. All best!
6768759	small irrited spot on the outside skin by vaginal and anus looks like I accidental scratched myself but dosent hurt but rather itchy.	Sounds like inflammation or irritation. Difficult to say for sure. If symptoms persist, consult with a gyn. You might want to try otc hydrocortisone cream in the meantime.
1425393	How long does it take enterovirus to run its course? (Vomiting & diarrhea yesterday, fever started last night, now sore throat-no spots & congestion)	A few days Enterovirus infections can last anywhere from a few days to a week. Be sure to drink plenty of fluids, and have everyone wash their hands frequently and thoroughly to prevent the virus from spreading.
1412429	Had teeth cleaning done with mouth wash to treat my gingivitis. Now i feel a burning sensation on the tongue with itchy, swollen gums. Help?	Very common Your gums may be sore or swollen after dental cleaning and also burning sensation of the tongue due to Peridex is common. If the tissue is uncomfortable, rinse with warm salt water 3-4 times a day, Ibuprofen, Tylenol (one tablet every 3-4 hours as needed for pain) work well to alleviate the tenderness and discomfort. Use Peridex only for 30 seconds. If concerned see your dentist.
6777828	Lotion like discharge, heavy pulling feeling in lower abdomen, some cramping, headache, fatigue,3 days late period, negative pregnancy tests.Pregnant?	Depends If you had unprotected sex since your last period, you should repeat the pregnancy test in 4-5 days. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time. You may consider implanted contraceptive, or IUD. Practice safe sex.
800976	About a week ago my armpit (left) got sore and swollen (lymph node). Is this mono, i think it is, but I am not sure?	No......never It is a infection of the lymph glands of axilla. ....Related to deodorant/antiperspirant use. It occurs with use of dry stick. Can be easily treated ....By pmd..
6674319	Blood work came back GRAN# 6.6 & RDW 16.7%. Present issues include fatigue, pain in shoulders, arms, knees, hips, with weakness. for 10 months?	FATIGUE EVAL You need a more through evaluation: full EXAM AND labs. CBC/CMP/B12/FOLATE /TFTS/VITD/CRP//SED RATE//IRON STUDIES/LYME TITERS/EBV /CMV TITERS. Start a. Gluten free diet Wholeapproach.com gutbliss.com. And high potency vitamins. Rejuvenation-science.com Then review results if no firm diagnosis is made, a sleep study may be necessary many subtle sleep disorders cause Fatigue
297633	What can cause numbness and tingling in my feet and leg pain?	Tingling in feet The most common causes are diabetes and spinal stenosis which is a compression of the spinal nerves. There are other causes as well. Start with a podiatrist or neurologist for diagnosis.
732109	I have this white puss growing with my pubic hair and pimple like bumps on my shaft what is this and who can I treat it?	Must see You must see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options.
791765	There's a blister on my foot that feels like a callous. There is dark red under the skin. I've had it a while. Is it a blood blister? How do I get rid	Have it evaluated Some causes of corns or calluses include: friction, pressure, repetitive trauma, and a limitation of joint motion. Some may develop bleeding under the callus resulting in a darkened discoloration of the underlying skin. You may benefit with the use of a special topical moisturize and the use of a pumice stone or an emory board. Consult with your podiatrist and determine the best approach for you.
501286	Uti wont go away. Taken bactrim, then cipro, symptoms persist. Doc is doing urine culture. Do you think probiotic or d-mannose would help me?	May help, also try D-mannose is safe & effective for the 90% of uti's caused by e. Coli bacteria, so if you have a UTI caused by an e. Coli strain that is resistant to Bactrim & Cipro it will help. It is wise to take probiotics to restore normal GI flora during & after taking antibiotics but it will not help your uti. You can try herbs like uva ursi & andrographis while awaiting culture results.
1409319	Can i use creme for surgery spots (against spots) for my child 5 years old,he has done hydrocele surgery?	Unclear It is unclear what you mean by "surgery spots", or what type of cream you want to use. Best thing is to call the surgeon and ask. Hope this helps!
531211	Swollen abdomen, pressure in upper abdomen & chest, severe upper back & neck pain. Low grade fever & chills only at night each night?	See your doctor There are many conditions including TB that can result in night sweats gastritis, reflux and pulmonary disorders or infections can result in increased intra-thoracic pressure and create pain in back and neck. You could have meningitis. See your doctor immediately!
1407031	I have a small bump on my gum underneath my tooth. It looks like a blister but has been there for over a month now. It does not hurt or changed size.	Gum bump under tooth Have your DDS/DMD check it out . They will probably take an image or two of the bone under the tooth. From there they can develop a diagnosis and treatment plan. My Best BD
1422616	I feel leg cramps and knee pain.and a tingling sensation on my left buttocks.what is it?thanks	Could be different things. Time to go in for a check up and have it examined, tested, and your PCP may need to further assess what's going on. It can range from sciatica, to electrolyte deficiency, to tendonitis, or any number of things best examined physically to get immediate relief. If it's musculoskeletal, it will be easier to solve, and treat. Get a 2nd opinion from an osteopathic doctor specializing in NMM.
1422613	Sore breasts(with lumps getting a mammogram done today) cramping, period was 8 days late and now im only spotting. Negative pregnancy test. Help?	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. Hormonal imbalance may be causing your symptoms. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
6766757	I have insomnia - both trouble falling asleep and staying asleep. I've tried CBT, and I've tried Trazodone, Remeron, diphenhydramine and Seroquil. None have been romotely effective. Is there a drug that might actually help?	Other options other options that may work include Zolpidem=Ambien, Temazepam=Restoril, Lunesta, and Belsomra which is the newest sleep aid and may help if one has a racing mind. I would have to see a physician in person to get a Rx. Other things to consider are no alcohol at night, exercising in the morning instead of afternoon, not eating before bed, reading in bed instead of watching TV, and hypnosis even.
1141862	I been feeling pregnant since neasua fatigue headaches backaches and stomache cramps my doctor told me i was over 20 days late for my Depo-Provera shot?	U know what 2 do Do a home pg test or have ur md do a blood test ; u will know 4 sure.
1320173	Can I take allergy medicine (runny nose, itchy throat, irritated eyes) with accutane?	Yes Yes no problem.
1271867	Blood work, EKG and chest X-ray good. Still have a burning, painful pressure left breast area that moves to the right breast area. Lasting 10-20 mins?	Unlikely cardiac Given your age and the type of symptoms you're having this is unlikely to be cardiac in origin. However if you have other risk factors and a family history further workup may be needed to ensure that your heart is okay such as a treadmill stress test. Otherwise similar pains can be related to acid reflux, costochondritis which is inflammation of the chest bone, or just local skin irritation.
588557	I am suffering from nasal congestion my doctor prescribed me cipla furamist az nasal spray to take for a long period is it safe ?	Nasal sprays Nasal sprays are safe for long term use to treat allergies. If have seen an allergist, consider desensitization if they offer it, it will give you long term relief from your allergies.
6655882	Pressure in head ,ears,unsteadiness, weak in limbs and usually later in the day fatigue. Blood work/MRI is fine. ENG showed a disbalance.	Middle ear msy be a middle or inner ear problem. See ent doc.
875286	Please help! after 3 benadryls and 2 zyrtec, still no relief from allergies. Please help?	Antihistamines + ? Bendrly (diphenhydramine) and zyrtec (cetirizine) are both antihistamines and only serve to block histamine. During an allergic reactions, there are many other chemical mediators of inflammation that trigger symptoms. An allergist can assist in finding the right combination of medications for relief. When it comes to antihistamines, more is not necessarily better.
1209227	I have UTI symptoms but neg urine test. Taking Macrobid antibiotic. 2 more days of pills left. Still burns when i pee in morning. What should I do?	Go back to doctor There are non-infectious causes for this, and Macrodantin may not cover some of the infectious causes effectively. You need to be re-examined and retested and consideration given to chlamydia, ureoplasma, etc. Good luck.
6723727	What causes a tickly sore throat with a cough and a dry sensation in my throat and a blocked nose is this a cold I have sneezing and no energy too?	URI Sounds like a common "cold" or upper respiratory tract infection. Fortunately, most of these are viral in nature and will resolve with supportive treatment. Generally, it is advisable to see a doctor for severe discomfort, continued fever and symptoms lasting more than a week.
932677	Can a pinched nerve in your neck on the left side cause weakness in the left side of face leg and arms?	Face weakness Similarly, a "pinched nerve" in the neck would not be expected to cause facial weakness.
57322	Why is my foot so swollen after knee surgery?	Poor venous return Theer is only one way out for the blood in your leg the back of the knee , a little knee swelling slows the way out for blood so it backs up rot he lowest point your foot if you have a acewrap on loosen it and elevate your leg above your heart stay horizontal.
6791650	Here are my symptoms, 3 weeks vomitting, lost 15lbs, pain started two days ago upper right, sharp pain goes to back, bilirubin in urine, all blood work neg. ct scan neg., gallbladder removed last year. gi specialist in hospital ordered endoscopy tomorrow	Your GI Doc can help Upper Endoscopy is a good idea. I would also check for Pancreatitis (Blood Amylase levels).
1057248	Could semen make vagina smell bad?	Yes it can Will smell worse ; worse the longer it remains. But usually will not make it smell badly.
767091	For a week i've had sore breasts and a swollen stomach. I finished my period approximately two weeks ago and haven't had sex, so not pregnant. Why?	Family practice Sounds like a hormonal imbalance problem. If you drink a lot of coffee or caffeine you might consider stopping that. Get a mammogram. Get checked out if it persists.
1039874	Woke up hot and heart rate was in the 130s blood pressure was high too what's wrong with me? It's not anxiety.	Night Tachycardia This can be caused by a variety of medical conditions including thyroid problems, medications, and many other ailments beyond anxiety. Get thee to your primary care doctor as soon as possible.
6634439	Darkening of areola for few days, and underside of nipple is completely purple and tip of nipple is yellowing on one breast? No chance of pregnancy	See your OB-GYN As soon as possible! This may be an indication of a breast condition especially if not both breasts! Good luck! Hope this helps Dr Z
1202429	I am 19 , n my cycle is 2 days late , breast sore, burning sensation in stomach & slight stomach pains here n there, took home pregnant test and its neg?	Late period It's hard to say why it happens, but sometimes we are just late for our period. Even if it's never happened to you before, it could be happening now. Things like medications, stress, travel, changes in your weight, can all cause a late period. If your pregnancy test is negative, repeat it once per week until you get your period, to be safe. If no period for a whole month, i would see your gyn doc.
1544526	Sudden rapid heart rate of 167bpm with blood pressure 92/63. Chest felt heavy but went away as fast as it came on. Insomnia. Fatigue. Last EKG normal?	Evaluate now tachycardia with low blood pressure is worrisome. You should be evaluated immediately in the ER
6633353	Is there something wrong if you are choked and now your glands in neck are swollen and you have a sore throat?	Hard to say Id get an exam to examine the trauma that could have been caused by the choke. See your doctor immediately.
6675956	Hello! I've recently developed some cold-like symptoms (itchy throat, green mucus with slight cough) and now my left ear will not pop! What do I do?	URI upper respiratory tract infection, affecting your throat, nose, sinuses and your middle ear,with development of green mucus and the constellation of symptoms,better see your doctor, good luck
664118	Sore throat for few days. Throat is not swollen, but is red and hurts to swallow, touch neck, and turn head. Should i see a doctor?	Yes If it hurts to swallow, touch your neck, or turn your head, this sounds more serious than a standard pharyngitis; you should see a doctor for evaluation to see if it could have progressed to something worse, like an abscess.
554247	My antibiotic ended that i was taking for  a sinus infection, my cough is still the same, i can feel it in my chest when i breathe. What should I do?	See your doctor Sinus infections are often viral. Sinus blockage can also be caused by allergies or other non-infectious conditions. None of these will improve with antibiotics. You should see your doctor for re-assessment to determine the best treatment if you have not improved with antibiotics.
1600192	Had endoscopy. Mild esophagus and stomach irritation from gerd. On omeprazole 40 MG and occasionally carafe. Still get lots of bloating and pain.help?	Several things first, results from endo including H Pylori presence/absence would be helpful. Bloating below stomach isn't stomach. Then, omeprazole is weak in two regards 1) it is the weakest of the proton pump inhibitors and 2) proton pump inhibitors work for about 20 hrs not 24, taking a PPI twice a day increases its effectiveness on GERD but not bloating.
281293	I am 40 weeks pregnant and started having vaginal itching. My discharge has increased and is milky white with no odor. My vagina is also red and irritated also. What can I do to relieve this discomfort?	Yeast treatment Sounds like a yeast infection. An over the counter yeast treatment would be fine to use.
408083	Can you get a sinus infection after getting over a cold? I recently got over a bad cold. Now I have pain and pressure in my head and around my eyes. Could this be a sinus infection?

.	Initial Initial treatment for viral URI usually involves symptomatic management (i. e., fluids, rest, nsaids, decongestants, etc.). When symptoms persist beyond a week, particularly if they are worsening, often it is treated with a course of antibiotics. A good ENT exam should be able to support a diagnosis of sinusitis. Upper respiratory infections and allergens are common triggers for development of secondary bacterial sinusitis.
1290791	After a few days of stomach flu, came constipation, with small amounts of watery stool, extremely painful lower abdomen cramps and acid reflux? Help?	Wait and see It is common for stool irregularity to occur after the stomach flu for up to a month. The extremely painful cramps is unusual though. I'd see a physician in the office.
1340640	How can I get rid of pimples on forehead caused by dandruff in oily hair?	Keep oily hair away from forehead. Wash hair daily to prevent dandruff. Try anti-dandruff shampoos that contains zinc pyrithione, which can reduce the scalp fungus associated with dandruff; selenium sulfide, which can limit cell turnover and possibly even decrease the amount of fungus; salicylic acid, which works as a sort of scrub to slough off dead skin.
870477	Can't digest food. Instant bloating, gas w/foul  odor, loose or soft stool. Not one particular food causes it. Prone to yeast infec. Why? How to help?	See a GI doctor You need to be examined and perhaps undergo stool examinations and endoscopy. This sounds serious and you should not wait long before seeing somebody. Good luck and get better.
1106899	Breast lump, core needle biopsy, I am 17 female, please help?	Overwhelming Odds are that your breast lump is not cancerous, at your age if you are 17. Wait for results of biopsy to make sure.
715789	I have a small rash on my elbow and it's been there for over a year now. It's red coloured and sometimes itchy and i don't know how to get rid of it?	Eczema It sound like eczema. ..Try a moisturizer like cerave cream twice a day as well as Hydrocortisone cream until you can see a dermatologist to get a prescription strength topical steroid.
820665	Should drs give a baseline DEXA at the start of taking arimidex for breast cancer to monitor bone loss?	Yes If there has not been a dexa done in the last 2 years, it is not a bad idea.
597866	I've had diarrhea for 36 hrs vomited 2x , stool is all water.  Started with extreme chills for about 3 hours.  Following brat diet, going on vaca in 2?	Dehydration! You could be getting dehydrated from the vomiting/diarrhea. You need to see a doc immediately, and before you go on vacation.
152085	Painful feet with occasional muscle pain/weakness. Swelling in hands/feet with walking, trouble thinking of simple words,  extreme fatigue, 50, female?	Many possibilities I first would think hypothyroidism, but swelling can also be caused by vitamin deficiencies and nephrotic syndrome. You should see a physican who can usually check by blood tests.
6694239	I'm 22 and experiencing slowly increasing joint pain. Originally just the knees; now hands, wrists, elbows, shoulders, etc. Worst @ night & morning.	Joint pain Please have your doctor refer you to a Rheumatogist.
1251400	I experience vaginal pain during intercourse with my boyfriend, specifically around the opening of my vagina. No signs of yeast infection, STD screens negative/pap smears negative.	Dyspareunia This is distinctly abnormal and should be investigated further. If your current doctor cannot find the source they may want to refer you elsewhere. Do not give up, there is probably a solution in sight.
1379222	Ive been having alot of back pain, left shoulder pain and numbness in my arm. Also my legs feel sore. Ive also been extremely fatigued.	See doctor for a thorough evaluation to determine the cause of your symptoms.
1579870	My sister had spinal problem.C3,c4 and L4 L5 regions intending thecal sac and inflammation. now she has severe head shake which doesnt stop and sweats?	Spinal Problem It is important that she follow up with the neurologist and the neurosurgeon. The shaking in her head could be related to the inflammation in her spine, the sweating is also a neurological problem. I hope she gets better soon. Best wishes
513303	Right side only dizzy, fullness/ringing in ear, see yellow spots, off balance, joint/muscle cramps, routine headaches, forgetful, disoriented, shoulder pain?	Get evaluated Are those sx new or something you've experienced before? In any case, call your primary care doctor to set up a meeting and discuss your symptoms to figure out "why?" you're experiencing them. Once you've done that, you can decide on a course of action. Good luck!
197521	I play football. What can I expect after arthroscopic knee surgery?	Physical therapy ++ You'll certainly need to build up the muscles that attach to the knee (quads, hamstrings, calf muscles etc), and do a lot of specified therapy by a well trained sports physical therapist. But when, or if, you should go back to playing football will be related to what type of football, what level of play, what procedure u had, how well u recovered: in other words, what the 'orthopod' says.
530164	For 3 weeks, I have had constipation, bloating, gas, distended abdomen, nausea, headache, extreme fatgue, dizziness. Tested & not pregnant.  Advice?	Need more info Any fever? Have you started any new medications? Are you sleeping well? Have your blood cell count, liver and kidney and thyroid function checked by a simple blood test. , for additional clues.
976150	Can you take Advil with hydrocodone?	Hydrocodone NSAIDS It is generally considered to be safe to take hydrocodone with nsaids. In fact if the nsaids can help you take less hydrocodone then it would be safer, provided that you don't have a contraindication to nsaids such as ulcers, bleeding disorders, or renal impairment. However, only take hydrocodone as prescribed by your physician and in the manner in which your physician has asked you to take it.
1090870	Today: pain lft mid/upper back. Past 2 days: dry cough, pain upper chest \ throat (subsiding) post nasal drip, weak etc. Could this be related? (how?)	Muscle strain The lft mid upper back pain could be due to repeated strain due to cough caused by common cold or allergy.
6705039	Hello...I havnt had a period in two months but once a month my breasts are sore and I'm experiencing an excess in white discharge no weird smell or color..I have PCOS so my periods aren't regular they are usually every 6 weeks could I be pregnant? Home te	Take a test Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1234697	Have sore, scratchy throat, swollen lymph node under jaw, congestion, and cysts or blocked lymph vessels on breasts. Should i be concerned/go to dr?	Yes The problem may simply be from a viral infection but it is prudent to see a doctor to get an examined especially if the problem has been present and not improving after a few days.
773411	My blood pressure has been too low and i've been having daily headaches can I just stop taking toprol XL for a few days to see if my headaches go away?	Go see your doctor Record your blood pressure a few times daily while resting, not after activity or exercise. Bring BP cuff w/you for nurse visit to check your BP w/their cuff. Without getting off chair, recheck your BP using your cuff on same arm as nurse. This will help your doc interpret your BP readings from home. If your BP truly low at home, ask your doc for alternatives, like decreasing dose of toprol xl.
1380847	What causes 1 sharp pinching pain in chest  at the edge of sternum where it meets left breast while walking up stairs?PCP says heart ok.Fear cardiac.	Same This description is even more characteristic of costochondritis than your earlier post. Be well.
757694	What could a "7x4mm hypo-echoic vascular area" on breast sonogram be? Biopsy said benign breast tissue wit lactational change. Vascular?	Probably nothing Breast ultrasound can see spaces that could be a cyst or a vascular space. Unless there is doppler flow, they cannot see a true vessel. However, a biopsy is "definitive, " and so if it is negative showing lactational change (secretions in the lumen), that cuold account for the ultrasound appearance. Not to worry.
6695924	+ANA, blood in urine 6 mos or longer now protein in urine PAD in legs lot of leg pain Elbow and knee pain started with knee now radiate to leg HELP
?	Lupus? This is extremely important; you need to see a rheumatologist or nephrologist to see if you have lupus, which and cause severe kidney damage. Lupus is treatable BUT you need to be seen urgently. Insist on getting an appointment with one of these specialists; make your PCP listen to you, or go to an urgent care and have them get you a referral.
1078189	I have endometriosis. I already had a laparoscopy done and i been on lupron. My pains are now reaccuring. Do I have a lap done again or back on lupron?	Lupron For a longer time.
321034	My wife has the following symptoms : dizziness,  off and on fever, chills, diarrhea,  vomiting,  sinus pressure, headache and weakness. What could be.?	Think viral Statistically , the most common cause for all the symptoms you list is a viral infection. If these symptoms last longer than 3 to 5 days or have occurred frequently, she needs to be evaluated for any one of a number of more serious diseases than can also result in similar symptoms.
6699979	8yr sever abd Pain went to er covered in really bad hives gave benadryl doc said it was HSP now she is fine could it be something else?	HSP Usually the location and the rash with HSP are very typical. It is important to have her followed closely because HSP can lead to other complications. If you doubt the diagnosis get another opinion. All the best.
207005	My daughter has yellow gook in her eyes and they are also watery. She does have allergies which she takes Flonase and an inhaler for! is the yellow discharge caused by allergies as welll? And if so what can I give her?	Allergies Based on your description, it is likelydue to allergies. Trycool compresses, chilled artificial tears, and topical and/or oral allergy meds.
844404	When i drive my ankle hurts and my foot goes numb which goes up my calf  which says swollen and my knee always hurts what can it be?	Impingement You may have nerve impingement around the knee to the outside nerves (peroneal). Try to get evaluated by your doctor for advanced imaging. Hope this helps.
104935	Can staph infection eat all the way to the bone?	Absolutely Staphylococcal osteomyelitis can occur by extension of soft-tissue infection to underlying bone, by a direct penetrating injury or through the blood stream. Bad disease. See an id doctor and an orthopedist working together.
1118273	What could cause a spontaneous nose bleed?  Have humudier on furnace and sleep with humidified  cpap. Blood pressure excellent. Could qnasal cause it?	Yes Steroid nasal sprays can all cause nose bleeds. Qnasl is a dry nasal spray that may cause the same. Aim it away from your septum when you spray it and use a saline nasal gel to manage your dry septum.
6612859	Is it possible I have strep? My throat is killing me, my lymph nodes are swollen & the sides & back of my neck is hurting so bad. It hurts to swallow.	Yes, maybe Your symptoms are typical for strep throat, especially if you also have fever. Severe viral pharyngitis can cause identical symptoms, but you shouldn't take that chance; see a doctor or clinic ASAP. You may need an antibiotic prescription.
1396636	Wiping sperm off her back and washing in the shower is sufficient to get rid of sperm or water might drain down to vagina and cause pregnancy?	No chance Of pregnancy here.
1110253	I have arthritus in my knees, i wear a sleeve over them in the daytime. Then remove them at night, is this a good idea because they feel swollen .	Doesn't matter Really, because the sleeve may only offer psychological support in realty. Physically you may get some proprioceptive feedback to help you remember not to push the knee too much. However, it will not support nor offer protection to your joints.
569187	I have pimples that form on my vagina lips and get really big and look like blood blisters.   They pop and bleed. What is this?	Hemangioma? Veins? Have you discussed this with your gynecologist or internist. Is this following sex , pregnancy, or inactivity. There are several questions that need to be asked. This sounds suggestive of a vascular lesion associated with varicose veins but could be other infections or tumors or reaction. Meet with your gynecologist.
575250	Doc, i would like 2 ask, y after my masturbation, my penis head have a small red bump. Sometime its itchy. Thanks!	Needs evaluation Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment.
1307831	Doctor suspects pancreatitis elevated bilirubin swollen bile ducts on liver gall bladder removed in 2009 pain unbearable.  What can I do?	ERCP Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is a procedure used to identify stones, tumors, or narrowing in the bile ducts. The procedure is done through an endoscope. In addition, it can be accompanied by endoscopic sphincterotomy, which cuts the ampulla of vater allowing for decompression and drainage of the bile duct. A gastroenterologist usually does this procedure under anesthesia.
231392	Is it true that the disease won't spread to the other lung if only one part has pulmonary fibrosis?	No It depends on what is causing the fibrosis, but it can certainly affect other areas if it's the common type of fibrosis.
1423257	I tested and have a cyclic citrullinated peptide (ccp) ab (igg) >250 units and RA latex Turbid 170.7 IU/mL. and ANA direct negative. what r results?	See details The ccp antibody is strongly associated with the diagnosis of rheumatoid srthritis. If the clinical picture fits, you have RA.
1087808	Can it be bad to take allegra, melatonin, Mucinex and echinacea all at once before i go to bed?	Many pills etc. I see a list of four pills. Do you really need each of them? They are unlikely to do much, if any, harm, but I would spread them out over the day rather than all at once at bedtime
1114013	Ok I have a ovarian cyst and now im bleeding like a period but its not cause it came already and its really heavy and im in bad pain do I go to the er?	Good idea That's a good idea, but you will need to follow up with a gyn md.
707617	Is it possible to get laser treatment for acne scars if you have pimples on your face?	Yes First we use the laser to shut down the inflamed oil glands and then we use the co2 laser to treat the acne scars. You would want the oil to be under control before undergoing the ablative laser so you do not have so much oozing. Acne can be triggered by sun, stress, hormones, lack of sleep, picking and more. Control that first and the scarring second.
1219254	Missed my period for 4 days now.Sexually active both sides of abdomen hurt  nothing else am i pregnate? Bit gassy and can't poop?	Dont guess. Take a test. they are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1480560	Conjunctivitis followed by swollen neck glands, sore neck, headache, tiredness. Started Monday,now have dull, throbbing headache, feeling sick, virus?	Most likely Upper respiratory viruses can affect the conjunctiva, lining of the nose, throat, airways. The lymph nodes swell in response to fighting the infection. Ibuprofen, fluids and rest!
939686	Dr. Treated me for yeast infection thursday, gave ointment but whole vulva still itchy (saturday)  and just today started to burn when i urinate, why?	You might have uti If you are having burning during urination , it is an indication of irritation of your urinary system that included urethra , bladder . The close proximity between your vaginal opening and the urethral opening predisposes you for infection by the same organism that is affecting the vagina . Sometimes , bacteria or other microbes can have access to your urinary system from your ano-rectal area
1229746	11 weeks ago mild head trauma. Ct & MRI showed bruising of brain. Fatigue, insomnia and hearing loss issues.Anyway to combat fatigue and headaches?	Ptsd You may have post traumatic stress disorder. See a psycotherapist for cognitive therapy and /or possible ssri therapy.
1140611	Is it ok to take protein shakes with creatine in it while taking blood pressure meds?	No advantage There is no experimental/scientific evidence that there are performance or training advantages to using either protein shakes or creatine supplements. There is increasing concern that nutritional supplements, in the absence of some deficiency, have the potential to produce negative outcomes in various organ systems with chronic use. My interpretation is that its not okay to use such supplements.
6724654	I am not sure what I have? I have been experiencing severe nausea, sour taste, constant swallowing as if I am going to vomit, and abdominal cramping without vomitting or diarrhea since last night. I have felt the urge to vomit and ran to the bathroom in t	Depends... Seems to be gastritis. ...if you consumed some fast food prior to the symptoms......see PMD if peptobismol/antacid fails to give relief.
6699014	I have Carpel tunnel and tendinitis in my arm and right now my hand is swollen and the area by my elbow is hurting badly ?	CTS You need to see an Orthopedic specialist soon.
855176	Dad had bad pain, at and below elbow (wrist, fingers). Neuro diagnosed with ulnar nerve entrapment. No improvement after 1 week. What to do for pain?	Nerve pain Has your dad been evaluated by an orthopedic specialist?
1287319	I had a severe migraine recently (possibly hemiplegic) and have had many short waves of dizziness, nausea and confusion in the week since. Any ideas?	ER -CT/MRI Migraine can cause alot of your symptoms; however, confusion ( change in your mental status) is a red flag! go to your local er for evaluation and a head ct scan-asap, MRI may be needed.
1098402	My stomach is in pain, back pain and sore breast some time along with nausea. Not pregnancy symptoms so what could it be?	Bra and posture Pain in the upper back in female could be caused by a bad posture specially if the female is taller than usual they have a tendency to look down more often listen to your mother and keep your head up and your back straight sometime are caused by the hard metal wire of some bra sometime are caused by rib pain caused by pressure trauma or bruises heat and good posture Ibuprofen may help.
6640650	Aftr 2 wks of stopping lexapro 10 cld trky n upping buspar frm 30 to 60 w no s.e or withdrawals now my anxiety n depression is worse. Will it get btr?	Hard to know If you were being treated for anxiety and depression with Lexapro, and then stopped it, there is an excellent chance the illnesses will relapse and you will experience the symptoms of that. It's just like treating high blood pressure or arthritis or diabetes--if you stop the treatment, symptoms return. Please call you treating physician and discuss this in detail.
1033672	What are other strong medicine besides seroquel to sleep? I take 200mg of seroquel gained weight i had a sleep study as a child i tried trazadone	Need antipsychotic For your sleep it would be nice to use an antipsychotic other than seroquel, however, if the seroquel is working, you have to weigh the risk/ benefit ratio of possible relapse. It is hard to recommend something without knowing your formal diagnosis. In general, the more sedating an antipsychotic is, the more prone to weight gain it can be. Discuss saphris with your doc. It is sedating, but less wt.
699162	1 week ago i hit my head on a freezer door with good force. Since then i've had a constant headache, ear and neck, muscle pain and fatigushould i worry?	Concussion You may just have muscle spasms from the injury or may have a mild concussion. It would be smart to get checked out, just to be sure.
910232	Does skin cancer always start from a mole?	Skin Cancer and Mole There are different types of skin cancer. A melanoma is a skin cancer that can start from a mole. The signs that a mole is cancerous could be a change in symmetry, shape, size, or color. Basal cell skin cancer and squamous cell skin cancer do not start from moles. All types of skin cancer are thought to increase in incidence with more exposure to ultraviolet radiation.
6753455	Back eyebrows pressure to the top of the head back neck pressure mri/ct brain clean   usually when i sit/lay down worse :(  blood test clean :( help?	More information plz I'm not entirely clear on the pain getting WORSE upon lying down. I could explain worsening symptoms by sitting & standing but your inference of standing seems to be that pain may be at its BEST? You may be suffering from a tension type headache. You'd likely benefit from keeping a HEADACHE diary Let me know at: www.healthtap.com/drsaghafi Input Key Code: PDXFNR if prompted for an appointment.
29434	Why do I get a stuffy nose and red/watery eyes only at night?	Two reasons After keeping the eyes open all day, it catches up with you. When the eye's surface stays open for a long while, it dries out, and a signal is sent to the tear gland to send more tears. These tears keep coming until the surface heals. Tears drain into the nose, so more tears means stuffy and runny nose as well.
559676	I have had knee surgery an i had a busted bakers cyst .. I need some  therapy  things i could do to get me back to working out?	Depends If the injury to the knee capsule (bakers cyst) causes a feeling of instability, therapy should begin with range of motion and stability exercise. If you are experiencing pain, water therapy, heat , ultrasound or laser therapy should help. Good luck with your rehabilitation. Don't try running or impact work outs until your knee has control and strength.
591426	I have itchy scalp. No dandruff. No flaking . Just a little bit of redness.Sometimes there are these hard white bits like the 'seeds' of pimples help?	Scalp Could be a form of acne or folliculitis. You could try a zinc shampoo, tar shampoo or Nizoral shampoo.
1141523	Can i get chlamydia or gonorrhea by sharing  towels, soaps, or toilet seat? Worried since i live and share bathroom with someone who had those stds.	No Gonorrhea and chlamydia are transmitted via vaginal, anal, or oral sexual contact and cannot survive outside the body, so you cannot pick them up from shared towels, toilet seats or soap. However, other types of std like trichomonas, crab lice, and scabies mite can potentially be transmitted via shared towels.
1141525	Can HIV be transmitted from used blade if it has got blood on it and if i get a cut on my pimples and blood starts oozing out?	HIV is hard to get Nope. And i can tell you with 100% assurance. Hiv does not survive on objects, in air, or in dried blood. There are no cases in the whole world where someone got infected this way. You are just fine and safe.
1490984	What to do if I have red acne on chest that itches?	Manage it Acne on the trunk usually requires both a topical such as benzoyl peroxide and systemic Rx suc has an antibiotic for at least a while. If it itches, you may be allergic to the bacteria -- or it may be someting other than acne. Dermatitis herpetiformis can do this. Your physician is your best guide.
1261184	Can chronic appendicities cause pelvic pain ? Or can that be due to my ovarian cyst rupture a month ago & late period ?	Either possible This needs to be examined and diagnosed by an experienced clinician. See a gynecologist or general surgeon, or perhaps your family doctor. Good luck.
1031078	Feeling of internal trembling. Chest pain when moving in my left breast/chest area. Swollen gland in throat. Heartburn occasionally. Rapid hr. Causes?	Sound anxious These are all symptoms which could be caused by anxiety. So you need to learn how to relax and control your emotions and have a good handle over your life. You may need counseling which can be helpful to calm you down. In the meantime, try to do daily exercise(like walk for half an hour) as this will strengthen your body and reduce your mental stress level.
384421	Itching inside penis I am 22. Not sexually active. I have recently noticed that there is an itching on the inside of my penis. There is no puss or unusual discharge and no smell or discoloration. It just itches. I only notice it if i think about it.
I've	A A urinary tract infection (UTI) needs to be ruled out. A visit with your primary care provider will likely include an exam and testing. A urine sample will be sent for analysis and culture. On the other hand and allergic cause should also be considered. Are you using any new soaps or lotions on your penis? In the meantime you can try Benadryl and monitor for relief prior to visiting your doctor. Good luck.
343637	What can I do to ease the redness and itchiness of my acne rosacea?	Cold pack See your doctor regarding the care and treatment of rosacea. Avoid caffeine, alcohol, sun burn, spicy food, emotional upset or embarassment which can cause the rednes and flushing. Your doctor will start you on medication. Consult with a doctor that treats rosacea with laser skin care to keep it controlled and shut down any superficial blood vessels which are dilating and keeping it red.
937254	My daughter has a blister like bump on the arch of her foot that itches, what is it?	Fungus Sounds like a form of fungus/athletes foot. Try anti-fungal cream. If get if this does not help or if it gets worse. See podiatrist. Try to minimize excessive perspiration or moisture in area.
6698145	What's the best allergy medicine? Allegra, Claritin or Zyrtec?	Allergies Allegra or Zyrtec are best with less side effects
1187292	Breast soreness and nausea for 3 weeks 2 negative pregnancy test period was late still have symptoms now extreme cramps clots and bright red period?	Passing clots See a doctor, possible miscariage.
1181501	12 weeks pregnant.Rubella.. Immune igg. Igm postivetwice. Test again 2 weeks. Ifnegative is there way in knowing i did not have it. Scared for my baby!	IgG Means you had the infection some time ago, that will remain +. Igm suggest acute infection. Lets hope all goes well, good luck.
238945	I have "pimples" on my breasts. Dark red in color and pushed - blood comes out. Flatten after popping and kinda leaves mark. Should I be worried?	Doctor can check Skin lesions (bumps, pimples, etc. ..) that pop with some blood, and leave a scar mark, should be checked by a primary care doctor or a dermatologist. A dermatologist can tell whether the lesions are a serious problem or not. Rashes are very hard to describe in words. A diagnosis needs a visual examination.
1197144	On cerv spine MRI is large circle of uptake in cpangle. What cld it b? Neck/carotid mri/a were ok. Have pulsatile tinnitus+other sx. Next step/test?	I am unable to help As this is not my field of expertise. I have referred your question to our ENT surgeons, and I am hopeful one or more would be getting back to you with an answer. Good luck, and stay fit.
1570254	I went to my dentist yesterday. I had swollen glands and inflamed red throat. She checked my throat and gave me Flagyl antibiotics.	Question please ask a question. Or contact you dentist ask ask you dentist your question directly.
6712785	I have 2 ovarian cysts 1 on each side both are large 7 cm and 10 cm  what are the chances my doctor will be able to save my ovaries when doing surgery?	Excellent in general the is an excellent chance of saving the ovaries if we are dealing with a simple cyst. if the cyst is complex and might have solid component , then the risk and the suspicious of cancer increase. surgeon job is to save the ovaries as much as they can unless there is a risk of cancer then we have to balance between fertility and survivals,and survival always win.
1040640	General weakness, pain, blury vision, brain fogs, knee/leg weeknes, internal tremor, whole spine pain, fatty liver, 1mm cervical, 2mm lumbar disk, neuropathy?	Visit your doctor You have too many symptoms and they are affecting your whole body. Many, many things could be causing your symptoms. Visit your doctor asap.
1571078	Cleared heart, endo/colon, gallbladder tests.  Upper abdomen squeezing sev hrs after eat, nausea, diarrhea, weight loss, up at night.  Ulcer symptoms?	Pain It could be due to a variety of things including IBS. I would see a good gastroenterologist , he should be able to help. It does not sound like ulcer disease
1465758	What would cause a dull burning pain on left side of chest above breast line and below collar bone? 20 minutes so far. Pcp says heart ok.	A couple of things There are a few things that can cause that symptom. Regurgitation and reflux probably being one of the more common ones. If your PCP has ruled out the heart and there's nothing else except that prolonged burning then, I think it less likely cardiac. You may also have an entrapped nerve twig supplying the pectoral region or skin (perhaps trapped by the clavicle)...sensory neuropathy.
1337628	43 yo male. Testosterone is 299 on 260-1100 scale. Feel low, anxiety, sleep issues, dizzy. Dr. stopped HRT after five years.  Is this all related?	Cause of the problem If your T of 299, it is in the normal range. I doubt that "low T" is the cause of your symptoms, but if you want to explore hormones, then you should see an Endocrinologist and look not just at testosterone, but other hormones too.
259479	On the 7th morning of my tonsillectomy recovery im getting my remicade treatment, will the recovery get harder?	Infliximab & Tonsils At 7 days you are probably about to turn the corner in your recovery. Not sure why you are on infliximab, but b/c it is an immunosuppressant, you should make sure that your ENT & your primary doctor are collaborating on the timing of this. More frequent follow up may be warranted during recovery on a med like this. At facevalue prob won't make recovery any "harder" barring set-backs u would notice.
360764	Sharp pain  right behind the knee on the back of my leg, it mainly hurts when i bend my leg or sit long   but does not hurt  when i walk. What is this	See your doctor This is a problem that necessitates a face-to-face meeting with your doctor. This will allow him/her to examine you, ask specific questions. And possibly order tests to find out what's wrong and what to do to help you.
8479	How long can you have chlamydia before it causes pelvic inflammatory disease	Very variable. Can be days or months. As soon as you know you have it, get treated along with your consort.
512145	I am 15 weeks and 5 days pregnant. I been feeling pressure in my lower abdomen. (not cramping) is that normal? Is it my uterus stretching?	Growing pains If the pressure is not severe, it is likely due to the increasing weight of your uterus as it grows. This is normal and no cause for alarm. Call your OB for eval if tylenol and warm baths don't bring relief.
566183	What does it mean if i bleed after sexual intercourse for around 2 days then continue to have a brown discharge?	Poss vaginal trauma You didn't say if intercourse was painful. Need a vaginal/pelvic exam & pap smear. See your gyn.
977694	Does kidney stone cause periods to get late?	pregnancy and stones The straight answer is absolutely not. Rare exceptions could be severe associated infections.
1075556	I had my period on 8th nov and ovulation on the 23rd. I had unprotected sex on the same day. I started having cramps six days later. What are the chances that i'm pregnant?	Pregnant High. You had exposure to semen when your egg was most ready.
859434	What happens if i take both Benadryl and use the hydrocortisone cream?	Yes They don't interact with each other.
6717159	Does tight muscles in neck and shoulders make you feel little dizzy and funny feeling in head,  maybe not enough blood flowing?  Tension headaches?	Yes Possibly, but also consider other causes such as Migraine Headache. See your doctor and discuss.
1425563	Bump on mon pubis, its not red or itchy or look like a pimple but when i touch it it feels like one. I dont see it just feel it. What is it?	Could be or it could be the start of an infection. I would make appointment with gynecologist. If you start to see blisters, write back
992166	Does sexual intercourse after conceive harmful to pregnancy?Sex i after ovulation decreased chances of getting pregnant?	Not usually Later in pregnancy may be less comfortable but still possible.
1427709	I have hemoglobin 10.6 (low).I have iron serum of 25 micrograms.dl. Unsaturated IBC 358 High, Total TIBC 383(normal) and % iron sat 7%.My RBC normal , (MCV MCH, MCHC) low and RDW hIgh iS it IDA/ACD?	Not our Job As we have taught you already it is not our job to explain or interpret lab results. Especially those that are out of context and missing the other labs that were taken at the same time. Lab interpretation comes from a history. Both the normals and the abnormals are looked at together and interpreted together. Your labs are abnormal. It is the job of your doctor to interpret them for you.
637316	Nausea, dizziness and frequent urination. No uti. Qualitative blood test negative on 4th day of missed period. Now 8 days late.Another test?	Time to see Your doctor. Your nausea and dizziness may be due to an unrecognized cause. If you did the test correctly and it was negative, you are not likely to be pregnant. There is no harm in repeating the test, but if it is negative again it would be time to see your doctor.
31381	I recently had a lumbar steroid epidural at l5-s1. Is it normal for my fingers to itch?	Maybe Some patients do have an allergic response to steroids, though it is relatively rare. If it is an allergic reaction, itching could occur. Other signs of it being an allergic response would be a rash or hives. You should let your doctor know to help determine if it was related.
189036	Had itchy bumps for a week now after going biking w/ sunscreen. Seem to be clear/flesh colored until I scratch them and they turn red. Is it heat rash?	Maybe It is possible, depending on location of the bumps/rash. Areas under clothing or heavy perspiration are potential sites for such rashes. If on outside skin areas where sunscreen was applied, may be assoicated with contact allergy to the sun lotion or its preservatives contained. Do not scratch them. You may try use of 1% hydrocortizone cream (cortaid) applied 2-3 times a day... No scratching.
189035	Had itchy bumps for a week now after going biking w/ sunscreen. Seem to be clear/flesh colored until I scratch them and they turn red. Is it heat rash?	Maybe It is possible, depending on location of the bumps/rash. Areas under clothing or heavy perspiration are potential sites for such rashes. If on outside skin areas where sunscreen was applied, may be assoicated with contact allergy to the sun lotion or its preservatives contained. Do not scratch them. You may try use of 1% hydrocortizone cream (cortaid) applied 2-3 times a day... No scratching.
757986	I had an adverse reaction to bactrium. I started getting flu like symptoms, visibly swollen lymph nodes in neck thatmoved to hives and swollen tongue. I am still gettingintermittent hives/swollen tongue, 9 days after the last pill.Is it normal?	Not normal You are obviously allergic to sulfa. In addition to taking Benadryl ask your soctor about taking a short course of steroids.
6783407	having a inner thigh rash that itches really bad ,  my skin peels and little red blister come about with clear liquid leaking .. what could it be ?	Rash You probably have tinea corporis. Try OTC antifungal creams. If it doesn't resolve see your doctor.
6624827	Period due today had unprotected sex many times sore breast for aweek cramping in left side and back and shoulder small amount of blood in pee Etopic?	Possible You do not mention any risk factors for an ectopic pregnancy but it is possible. A kidney stone could also cause the pain and hematuria. In either case, evaluation by your primary care provider or gynecologist is indicated. At the very least you should be seen at an urgent care clinic.
32607	I recently developed a swollen, painful, stiff left knee, but have no history of trauma to the joint. Any ideas for the cause?	Get evaluated There could be many causes including arthritis and infections. You need to get evaluated to get correct diagnosis and treatment options.
1262188	Could i be pregnant extremely tired , sore breast , craving . Text period is the 14th last was the 18th been having unprotected sex?	No Guessing These are not symptoms of early pregnancy. But, if your period has been missed then please go get a test.
6622615	I am SLE lupus patient.My blood lymphocytes percentage has been 48% (high) and MCHC 31% ( low ) 2 times on past Other counts are Normal.indications?	Means nothing Lupus patients often run a relatively low absolute neutrophil account because of autoimmunity. That's the number to watch. Only if it goes way-low is it a danger. I'm glad you're proactive about this. Best wishes.
1227085	My 1 year old has rash on face and under chin, it's red spotted and itchy under chin. Going around to side of ears! should I be concerned?	Sounds like eczema Most likely eczema, one type of atopic dermatitis. Usually Hydrocortisone oitment you can buy over the counter does help. But i would not do it without him or her examined by a doctor and have the diagnosis confirmed, because it is impossible to make a diagnosis of a rash without examination.
1419553	What do you suggest if my neck to my shoulder is swelling and I have two lumps on either side of my collar bone the aera is sore,?	See a physician This could represent swollen lymph nodes, or benign lipomas, or could even be just your body morphology (just the way you were born). See a physician to get it looked at for a proper evaluation and diagnosis.
358153	What' are little red itchy bumps on the inner thighs . Itching provides extreme relief but after , my thighs are sore and red .?	See derm See dermatologist for evaluation and treatment. You have some type of eczema.
789868	Inner right thigh bone/joint pain hurting real bad for more than week and now burning down leg. Now my eyes are swelling should I seek help ?	Yes The pain could be related to your lower back problems, but that doesn't explain the eyelid swelling. Regardless, you should see your doctor asap. If your back issues are worsening, you may need more than just pain meds.
320816	I am hla b 27 positive n suffering from ankylosing spondylitis, done with bilateral hip replacement, n now neck fusion of all facet joints, taken remicad?	For AS patients An auto fusion of the spine is not uncommon and one has to exercise and maintain as best posture possible while this occurs. Weight control and not smoking are also important as well as controlling symptoms with medication as you are currently doing.
507912	Does  antihistamine hydroxyzine harm the liver?	No Don't exceed the maximum recommended dosage though.
811816	Is there a way to find out why did my feet turn brown after using a callus and foot emery?	Possibly dust From the emory board, try rinsing off and see if still there.
811815	How to remove corns and calluses on your feet?	Hammertoes Corns and calluses are a result of contracture of the toes, and plantarflexing of the metatarsals. Hammertoes are a common problem that can result in corns over the joints. Calluses on the plantar aspect of the foot result from the metatarsal bones dropping, and the tendons contracting. Debriding the corns and calluses is only temporary. An orthtoic, changing shoe gear, and sugical correction.
1044189	My 66yr old mother has been diagnosed with scleroderma (she has raynaud's too). What should we be expecting as a family and how can I help her?	Hard to say Scleroderma can be relatively mild with little or no internal involvement or it can be severe. She needs to be under the care of a rheumatologist. You should direct that question to the doctor who cares for her. He/she knows your mother's status best.
6748339	Wisdom teeth impacted and will be extracted in the meantime for the past week i have been having bad jaw pain & ear ache. Is this tmj or wisdom teeth?	Either Either. Make sure oral surgeon is aware of your symptoms. May modify surgery. Make sure you're being treated by an oral surgeon. For best results with wisdom teeth, make sure you are evaluated and treated by a board certified oral & maxillofacial surgeon.
354338	What can I expect for a 2nd visit to an orthopedic after a knee dislocation?	Options Presumably after the acute patella dislocation the physician initiated a brace and period of immobilization. 2nd visit would be appropriate to apply a functional brace to stabilize the patella, initiate range of motion exercises and start muscle rehabilitation.
1070455	2012 i had ectopic pregnancy.This month nov 2013. I am late by 42 days with my periods.Beta hCG below 2, hpt negative. Am i pregnant or no?	Not pregnant Your urine and blood pregnancy test are both negative indicating that you're not pregnant.
96293	Can being exposed to the herpes simplex virus also cause you to contract the epstein barr virus?	No They come from different sources.
1391076	What causes a very itchy anus,and my penis has some painless small blisters on inside foreskin?	Get checked for STDs go direstly for screening and abstain sexually until you are cleared.
915856	I had unprotected sex twice since my last period. Im seven days late. Its burns to pee, itches, yellow discharge, fishy smell, hip pain?	Appointment. Take a home pregnancy test. You may also have an infection. Make an appointment with your obgyn right away. While there, you can also ask about which type of birth control is best for you. Remember, condoms prevent both pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections. Best wishes.
505514	I have hydrocele, peyronie's disease as age 50 virgin, having discomfort in upper ls scrotum/under symphysis pubis. Any advice before marriage?	Consult urologist See my previous advice regarding to you regarding hydroceles. . Peyronie's disease is unusual in virginal males unless they repearedly precticed vigorous masturbation. Verapamil injections into peyronie's plaques have had a reasonable success rate regarding pain, discomfort & degree of curvature. Others have had success with xiaflex. Potaba is probably a waste of time. Good luck on all counts.
1249585	A red/brown colored pea sized spot on top of right breast. Doesn't hurt or itch. Can it be cancerous or something serious? Made appointment with dr.	Get seen Especially with this description, cancer is unlikely; it may be a pyogenic granuloma, other pigmented skin lesion, or something else.
1357648	I have small red bumps under the head of penis they dont hurt normally/during sex only dry masturbation havent changed in size/color what could it be?	May be normal It may be normal but just have a professional take a look. May be normal for someone who is not circumsized.
1404835	I stuck a pt. then stuck myself post IV. No hx.  We both had bloodwork and her and I are both negative for HIV HBV hcv. More tests? Should I worry?	Why? You did everything correctly. Your health care or human resources team got you tested and the patient tested. Are they worried? If not, why are you worrying?
1438337	Do I have a blood clot in my leg?. It hurts to bend my knee or lean on it and my calf and foot ache. I can hear something crack when I flex it.	Probably not Generally, clots occur because you have 1) a blood condition that promotes clotting or 2) you've been traveling or had a medical problem and were immobile for a long time. If your leg isn't swollen or red, it's probably not a clot. Leg pain can be due to many things. Clots don't make any noise. But if you're concerned see your doctor, who might order an ultrasound if indicated by your exam.
358339	Sore throat, hurts to swallow, one  swollen neck lymph node?	Virus Statistically, it's a viral infection. If fever accompanies the sore throat, or it lasts for more than 72 hours, or if your pain gets so bad to prevent even swallowing your saliva, then see your doctor.
6734505	Hi I am a 62 year old woman with a high platelet count. In April my count was 622 and now it is 812. The other results of my current CBC were all normal except my hemoglobin is 15.7 my RBC s are 5.62 wbc 10.9 and neutrophils 8.04. My MPV is  670. My cmp w	Ask your physician You may have one of the usually-not-very-serious illnesses in the polycythemia Vera/ essential thrombocytopenia family. More test may be in order
6712928	Slightly swollen area above/behind right ear. Somewhat painful when pressure is applied. My glasses frames made me aware of the area. What could it be?	Acne, lymph node 2 likely candidates are a deep acne lesion or perhaps reactive lymph node. If it persists beyond a week, or gets worse, see an ENT doc for exam/suggestions.
1092809	Stabbing pain under left ribs & burning sensation in chest & upper abdomen went to ER they sent me home what could it be? I can't even sleep from it.	Intercostal neuralgi Sounds from the information you give that you may have what is commonly called a "pinched nerve) in your dorsal (back) vertebrae. May have been caused by coughing really hard. Also to be considered is a lung infection. Please see your family physician as you may need a chest x-ray. If normal i would also suggest seeing an osteopathic physician for manipulation of your back.
572352	My 13 year old son says one testicle is bigger than the other and he has very small hairs above his scrotum is he going through puberty?	Puberty Yes, and testicles can vary in size as long as they feel normal otherwise.
1448364	For months and months now I've had nausea after eating, heartburn, indigestion, fatigue, diarrhoea, headaches and absent periods. What could be wrong?	Pregnancy Please first be checked to make sure you are not pregnant. If not then be checked for stomach problems such as ulcers or gastritis or gallbladder problems. Enough physical or psychological stress can stop menstrual periods.
1027078	Period is 9 days late feeling nauseated headache dizzy and can't even stay awake. Had blood test neg going for another and had 6 urine test could preg?	Very unlikely Blood HCG is pretty accurate, but repeat it one more time. I have. O other thoughts otter than that.
1220688	Chronic pain, stiffness, both feet, big & mid toes. Also chronic knee pain w  intermittent grinding. Intermittent grinding right shoulder. Ra?Other?	RA, Osteoarthritis When you have symptoms on both sides, it can open up the possibility of ra. Joints in RA or any other inflammatory arthritis, usually present with swelling , pain and stiffness. Osteoarthritis is a result of wear on the cartilage in joints. The only way to find out what type is through blood tests and screening techniques to test for rheumatoid factor.
1509881	I have my right side kidney stones 5.1mm.is it beer for good help stone outside?	Not really Beer will only give you more fluids but the alcohol effect in loss of water would obliterate the effect of more fluid.
1523988	I am on 5th month treatment for TB neck lymphadenitis. Can TB neck lymphadenitis cause infertility? Can i conceive in future after treatment?	Neck lymph node TB infection or TB treatment drugs should not affect future fertility. Ask your doctor for specific side effects of your TB drugs.
1413128	Breast is tender when you pok them and pressure in the top of my chest could it be depression did EKG and chest x Ray  smoke a I drink?	Tender chest/breast? If I understand your question correctly, pressing on your chest elicits the tenderness. Since you smoke it may not be the breast rather the chest itself or lungs. Depression is unlikely the answer, and a MD can sort through the rest. By the way, your are very young and have a lifetime to avoid serious respiratory and cardiac issues by SMOKING CESSATION.!
623686	Can i still get pregnanct with 2 ovarian/adnexal cysts?Left 2.0 CM with solid mural nodule.Right ovary 2.5 CM ?	Yes Normal ovulation includes the ovary creating a cyst which matures the egg, and then bursts in order to ovulate the egg when it is ready. Having ovarian cysts in part is normal, relatively speaking. Just because you have cysts in your ovaries doesn't mean that you can't produce and ovulate an egg that can be fertilized in the normal way.
6792973	I've read that using melanotan can cause existing moles to darken/new moles or freckles to develop. Am I increasing my risk of melanoma?	Lets be sure re-meds I need to be certain about the exact spelling of the drug/medicine that you are taking. is it Melatonin??? or some other supplement ? Once you have confirmed it, let me know. There is no medicine that increases the risk of melanoma, Just sun tanning(UV rays) is bad and will increase the risk of developing melanoma.
1423886	Mucoid degeneration on the knee. What is it exactly and could it be caused by sudden impact. Fell 2/14 and it was on MRI in March?	More information? Do you know if the mucoid degeneration was specifically seen on the ACL or on one of the menisci? This is not a very common finding. Basically it is injury or loss of functional synovial lining protecting the ACL or meniscus and often there isn't an identifiable injury preceding it. Arthroscopy is often successful at repairing it. Often there is limited flexion of the knee.
1423737	Is there a link between Herpes Simplex Virus that causes a Herpetic Whitlow and The chicken pox virus?	The only Link they have is they are both members of the Herpes family of viruses. They both can cause mouth sores. They both are contagious.
1077404	Right acute knee pain, burning and bruise- like feeling. Whole kneecap is worse, along its bottom. Stairs are very difficult to use, and it hurts any time i walk. Had a negative x- ray.	Patellofemoral pain Your symptoms suggest patellofemoral pain;the cartilage underneath your kneecap may be thinning or damaged and causes pain in the kneecap region, esp. W/stairclimbing, squats, lunges etc.Keeping the knee bent for a period of time can be uncomfortable.Isometric quad strengthening, hamstring stretching, nsaids and patellar stabilizing sleeve can be helpful.See ors if sx's persist.Gl!
566768	How long and how do you heal knee bone contusions? I have bruising on the patella, and the end of the femur. From an injury i suffered 2 yrs ago.	Let me explain You had two after the contusions of the bone and still have symptoms, this means to me that permanent damage to the bone in that area, i go and check it out with orthopedic surgeon.
6711003	Worried about HIV exposure. Can sore throat show up 120 hours (5 days) after possible infection? Or is this too early for that symptom?	Likely too early You should get tested and repeat the test in 6 months. Alternatively you could get HIV nucleic acid test in about 3-4 months, if that is negative it would essentially rule out HIV.
294114	Are bumps on the head of penis stds?	Pearly papules? One man in 100 is the lucky owner of "pearly penile papules", a row of bumps along the corona on the back of the gland / head. Check internet photos and see if this is you. If your life-partner doesn't like them, you can have them lasered off. Or you may decide they're cool. They are not a sexually transmitted disease or a cancer risk.
1426547	Bleeding between period. Not pregnant and I'm on birth control. What could it mean?	Birth Control Pill If you are taking a very low dose of the pill and there may not be enough hormone to suppress your ovulation or support the endometrial lining. Therefore, missing a pill becomes more critical and makes it more likely for you to get pregnant.
1552225	Does TB neck lymphadenitis cause lump on labia majora during 6th month TB treatment? Are they related? Not sexually active.	Should not The labial lump is not likely to be related to tb, but it may be related to the anti-tb drugs or a totally different, unrelated issue. Bring it up at your follow up at the TB clinic.
6750534	I have adhesive capsullitis with tendonitis and bursitis of shoulder. is normal to also have pain when stretching arm/neck in the upper chest/sternum?	Maybe Depends what was the cause of these problem. I see very commonly patient that sustained an MVA or Motorcycle accident with pain in those areas that you referred. Could be a contusion or sprain of pectoralis muscles. Costochondritis could also be considered if pain in sternum/rib junction reproduced with palpation.
281602	Is it normal to bleed after you've had an ovarian cyst rupture?	Depends type of cyst You mean bleed inside peritoneal cavity very small amount yes. Follicular cysts do repture all the time barely noticeable may bleed insignificant of blood, leuteal cyst will bleed more, pathological tumor cysts will bleed significant amount if they rupture , especially dermoid cysts will also cause peritonitis. ( chemical ).
1455776	Pressure sensation on my left eye and the back of my left ear. I also have stiff neck, started as a head ache that made my face a little numb?	TMJ TMD Temporo-mandibular disorder is the second most frequent cause of orofacial pain after dental pain. Stiff neck, headaches, earache and face numbness are associated symptoms of TMD. Proper diagnosis is the key for the successful treatment. See an orofacial pain practitioner for a consultation and management.
1455775	Donated Blood.   Positive hla b27  result.  PCP. Retested negative result.  Constant joint pain hands feet neck wrists.  Numbness and weakness in hand?	Impossible HLA. B-27 is a genetic test. One testing center is wrong. This test does not change over time. This test is positive in several diseases including ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, reactive arthritis , enteropathic arthritis. The symptoms you describe can be due to a pinched nerve in the back, arthritis disease, carpal tunnel syndrome, among others. You will need to see your doc
6776360	I am having my wisdom teeth taken out, and my dentist wants me to take 4 capsules of 500mg amoxicillin pre-op.  Is this safe?  I way about 110 lbs.	Yes This is done routinely in people who have prosthetic heart valves or joints prior to any dental care. I am going to assume that you have neither, so why is s/he asking you to take them. It could be for the same reasons, to help prevent bacterial endocarditis, or bacteremia from the procedure.
539915	I fell out of bed  weeks ago and hit my left knee on the hard floor.Now weeks later the area is tender and the lowr leg is  swollen tender and itches?	Blood clot You need to have the leg examined for a possible deep or superficial vein clot. A ruptured baker's cyst or a knee effusion are other possible causes. It needs an exam and possibly xrays and/or ultrasound to sort this out.
6743093	I have a small white bump directly on my clitoris. It doesn't hurt unless I try to remove it and it doesn't itch. I'm sexually active but no stds?	You need an exam so your Gyn can help determine what the lesion is
1048735	34 weeks pregnant, HSV 1 IgG positive due to cold sore a year ago (had break out). Not tested for igm. Could this affect the baby, any advice?	If u have anti Bodies in the blood that will not affect anything, if you have an active vulvar out break then that would be bad if u had a vaginal delivery, for women who have a a prior vulvar or vagina herpes outbreak, valtrex can be taken 1gm/day the last 4 weeks to prevent an outbreak, if u get an active vulvar outbreak at the end u must have a csection.
396488	I have been having migraines for over 2 weeks n now my neck is stiff i recently tarted to have sinus drainage my neck is stiff to turn on put chin on chest! I have been taking allergy n sinus relief Advil migraine n ibuprofen taking hot showers n baths n	You You should be seen immediately by your doctor if you have head headache for two weeks, sinus drainage, and neck stiffness. You could have enlarged lymph nodes in your neck from your sinusitis, or you could have meningitis. If your doctor can't see you, you have severe pain, fever, or vomiting, then you should go to the er.
612345	Had an appendectomy 2.5 weeks ago. Did heavy lifting 2 days ago; now abdomen hurts. More pain plus gas and bloating after eating now. Should i worry?	Possibly You do not mention what technique was done, but if you lifted something and tore a stitch, it could be a problem. The gas and bloating could be normal, but if it seems worse, be seen by your surgeon.
6619290	If you don't have hepatitis b and you are given the hepatitis b antibody vaccination, what could happen?	Confusing question HBIG (hepatitis B immune globulin) is given after possible Hep B exposure to give immediate but transient (4+ weeks) of protective antibodies to the disease. It is done to help stop the disease from getting started. It differs from the regular vaccine, that is given long before exposures to help a person develop long term immunity.
1608388	Im having this really bad stomach pain but no nausea or diarrhea hardly eating and getting chills is this the stomach flu?	Hard to say Just the symptoms of abdominal pain can be due to intestinal, stomach, and indeed a viral infection. I would see a doctor in person as there is so much on exam and history needed to help guide you. Good luck.
536067	I have a sore throat and it hurts really bad to swallow or talk it's hurting in my ear too  and  cough drops aren't help want else can I try?	Go see a doctor You probably need antibiotics, steroids, or both. Cough drops are not going to help either a viral or bacterial cause of a severe sore throat. Referred ear pain is common with sore throats. You also need a prescription for antibiotics and steroids. I would start with a visit to a doctor.
1504241	My neck to my shoulder is swelling and I have two lumps on either side of my collar bone the area is sore, Treatment?	Your management -- includes a proper Dx first, before any treatment could be initiated for you. With a proper Hx, exam and investigations, your Doc can Dx and hopefully start the appropriate treatment. Good Luck.
1302789	What do you suggest if I have had MRI and shows dehidrated disk demonstrating mild left foraminal focal disk protrusion l4/l5 ?	Depends on symptoms The options are 1) nothing if a symptomatic, 2) conservative including symptomatic relief, with nsaid, physical therapy, proper sitting posture, and 3) surgical if you have disabling recurrent symptoms.
6622872	I had a sexual encounter but the male didn't ejaculate in me could I still be pregnant?	Pregnancy? It is possible. For example some sexual partners will have intercourse and the male pulls out of the vagina before ejaculating thinking this would protect from a pregnancy. However a good deal of sperm can be released into the vagina before ejaculation and cause an unwanted pregnancy.
1142987	Yellow lumps or blisters in the back of my throat. Throat feels swollen and irritated, hoarse voice. No fever, no cough. Tonsils a bit swollen too?	Tonsillitis See your doctor for a throat culture to determine if you have strep or a viral tonsillitis.
619984	Acne breakout forehead, urinate more, tired more, little stomach cramps, bloating, back aches, light-headed, period every 6 months. Pregnant?	Sympotms It certainly sounds like pregnancy to me. I suggest seeing your gyn.
669849	I have a torn anterior cruciate ligament injury on my left knee which happened last year, can I get a surgery now to repair my leg?	Yes Yes, you can still have an acl reconstruction. Acl tears do not heal on their own & having it replaced can help you maintain a healthy/ active lifestyle in the years to come. The acl is a major knee stabalizer, and can provide security to your knee that may prevent further damage to nearby tendons, ligaments, muscles, articular cartilage, meniscus, & bones when compared to a "loose knee"
330848	I had my period on october 7 and started Clomid on october 9 I am experiencing tender breast , thick white creamy discharge , cramping ?	Clomid side effects Clomid could cause the side effects of tender breasts as it forces the ovary to secrete hormones like estrogen prior to ovulation. The discharge could result from ovulation as well.The cramps are associated with mittleschmerz or ovulation pain.
691736	Influenza b 3 weeks ago. Major symptoms are gone but turned into laryngitis for 2 of those wks. Sore throat better, but no voice?! is this normal w/flu?	At times Almost half of pts get a second infection after the flu. It deceases or weakens your immune system.
1453698	2 wks of cipro, pain in ankle and knee joint. Painful when put pressure on. Can walk not run. Played bball it may have made it worse. How to fix this?	Ciprofloxacin Fluoroquinolones (Cipro/Levaquin) do have side affects. The most common concern we have with patients on these medications, howevrer, is not joint pain, but spontaneous tendon ruptures, particularly of the Achilles Tendon. If your joint pain continues, see the physician who prescribed you the medication, or see an orthopedic surgeon for further evaluation.
572764	Inside my left knee, only in one spot, when i move my leg in bed the sheets cause a severe carpet burn pain, when ever something rubs against?	Severe Pain IMPT Severe pain is always important. Pleas get your doctor to do a careful history and physical to see if you have a problem that needs attention now.
691733	Mom had a knee replacement surgery 8 days ago & got out of hospital 2 days ago. Sometimes she can't see(dark vision) when kneeling down. Any concerns?	Yes Transient loss of vision is a concern. I would start by calling the doctor who did the knee replacement of by calling my pcp.
1309069	Pcp  has me taking 3 krill oil pills daily due to low omega 3's. I also take a low dose aspirin for heart attack prevention. Too much blood thinning?	Probably not Omega 3`s and low dose Aspirin work at different levels. Omega 3`s replace cell products that release products of inflammation while the omega 3`s don't. Aspirin affects the blood platelets that normally control clotting and bleeding.
1376780	What can causee left thumb twitching in the thumb pad from 2 wks ago, and now sore palm and boring- dull pain in ring - pinky fingers to the forearm?	Describing a neuropathic pain ulnar nerve distribution see a neurologist for an eval
918468	I was diagnosed with a double tooth abscess about one month ago. Swelling went down and pain went away after antibiotics. Now I have got pain in face, eye, neck and severe pain in jaw. What should I do?	Abscess You can't get rid of the abscess in a tooth with medicine. The nerve becomes gangrene and either needs root canal therapy or extraction. Those are your only two long term options for these teeth in this condition.
727344	Over week of sinus problems. Nasal congestion & a lot of pressure. Blowing nose alot. Today mucus is neon green, now egg yolk yellow is this bacterial?	Likely not Yellowish, greenish pus is consistent with a bacterial infection though a viral sinusitis can also produce similar symptoms. Bacterial sinusitis is much more severe in symptoms, though.
74312	I've been feeling tingling and sharp pains around my face, head and hands.  It feels like the tingling of a foot that as they say, "has fallen asleep"?	Stress/anxiety Theconditon you are experiencing could be hyperventilation or something more needing evaluation try breathing in and out of a paper bag for approximately 15 seconds and see if the symptoms subsie consider seeing a physicain to evaluate the cause of these symptoms.
560720	I have a pimple-like bump on the shaft ofmy penis two days after sex. In the case of an std, is it common to have a bump so soon?	Too soon You should still get it checked out by your family doctor.
6719913	Hi I have these tiny taste bud like bumbs on my inner linia no burning or pain no puss no redness but the area around the bumbs itch like my inner lips not near the bumbs  clitous itches really bad nd when I lift up the hood its kinda swollen nd is red on	Exam It will be extremely hard to diagnose your problem without being able to actually see what you are describing so I strongly recommend you see your doctor so she/he can look at what you're describing and adequately diagnose it. But from what you describe it almost sounds like it could be like a contact dermatitis or allergic reaction to something you could be using down there. Best to see your doc
6776181	If chlamydia and gonohrrea negative, what is it?symptomes:pruritus, vaginitis,dysuria,dyspareunia.excessive discharge.green smelly chunky.can't affor	BV? Trich? Yeast? With the symptoms described, the main possibilities are trichomonas, bacterial vaginosis, or yeast infection. Herpes is possible but less likely unless open sores. A vaginal foreign body (e.g. a forgotten tampon) could do it. With this mix of symptoms, maybe more than one problem. If you can't afford private health care, check out a community clinic or the health department. Good luck!
337313	Small, sparse, sometimes itchy, pink bumps mainly buttocks/thighs but also randomly on legs/chest. Sometimes pus. Clear in ~3 days, had about 3 weeks	Folliculitis Sounds like it can be folliculitis, but hard to say without seeing it.
622331	Sore throat with swollen lymph node on right side chills no fever no vomiting. What does this sound like?	Virus Probably viral pharyngitis, but could be bacterial, like strep throat. Get a culture if it diesn't get better.
456702	My husband has a bump by his elbow. It is red, hot and swollen. He woke up saturday morning with it. We don't see any bite marks?	Olecronon Bursitis There is a large bursa over the elbow that normally is flat. It can become swollen from injury or infection. Sometimes just leaning on the elbow will cause some inflammation, usally goes away with heat and ibuprofen. If his elbow is real painful and it hurts to move his elbow, I am very concerned about a possible infection. This often needs to be drained. See your doctor.
321551	Bad gas pain upper ab pain and constipation. Negative colonoscopy endoscopy full body CT scan normal blood test thyroid blood work normal. I'm lost?	I'd say IBS like,,,, I would say that this is a case of ibs or irritable bowel syndrome. You have gas and constipation, with pain. This is a classic presentation. You could likely improve these symptoms dramatically with a diet high in fiber, with vegetables and fruit along with enough protein from meats. More fluid consumption also helps. Best of luck.
6679790	Hi, I have a itching irritation on my vaginal lips. It is also causing the lips to turn a pale color which is different from the rest of the skin around it and it looks raw like it could peel. I just finished uti antibiotics last Friday and on Tuesday thi	Yeast? This sounds like a yeast infection, which can be triggered by antibiotics. Contact your doctor, preferably the same one who diagnosed and treated your UTI. This should be easy to diagnose and treat. Good luck@
618854	I have upper abdominal pain, waves of nausea, morning sickness, loose stool with dark red blood. Blood seems to "pool" between movements.	See doc/er You may have a gastrointestinal bleed. It may be coming from an ulcer in your stomach or upper GI intestines. You need to see a doctor or go to the er now if you are lightheaded, dizzy, have palpitations or have fatigue.Stop any anti inflammatories, or Aspirin immediately.
553918	Constant throbbing under roght rib and very tender to touch, also lots of belching sometimes back ache and right shoulder ache?	Gall bladder Right location symptoms and age. Suggest seeing physician for evaluation.
274244	Sore throat, ear ache, head and nose hurts. When I cough and sneeze my chest burns. The hospital said it was just a viral infection. Do you think so?	Probably If they did a thorough examination with appropriate studies, its probably a viral infection.
1379981	Eyes get red, itchy, and swell aggravated. I have tried over-the-counter allergy medicines along with eye drops. Nothing helps. Do I need a eye doctor?	Probably no You need an eye drop with antihistamine properties first. I suggest you see your primary care doctor who will be able to give you a stronger one.
949635	I had 3 dr say a red inflaimed lump on face look like lupus. Ana came back negative i'm tired joint muscle pain depressed get mood swings it comes goe?	Maybe lyme I would reccommend consideration of lyme disease.
122841	Weird sagging sensation on the right side below the rib cage when laying flat on my back. Feels like an organ (liver, kidney) is resting against skin?	Certainly not that There are a dozen or so layers of tissue between your organs and your skin, so it's certainly not that. It could be something as simple as a strained muscle, or it could be an early (or very mild) case of shingles, or some other disturbance of a sensory nerve on that side. Let your doctor sort it out.
6776985	Inch long section of vein on left hand swollen + tender(yday) swelling gone visible bruise in place still tender 2day! Sicky feeling + dizzy spells???	See Doctor ASAP You should see a doctor as soon as possible or go to the emergency room
6776980	Elbow cracks loudly when I tense and move it. No pain, but sometimes stiff. Has since I was hit by a car on that arm years ago. Can it cause problems?	Cracking joints Painless cracking of joints is common. Some people can reproduce cracking joints by doing certain maneuvers, like cracking the knuckles. Painless joint cracking is usually caused by either tendon or air movement around the joint. If there is no pain, I wouldn't worry to much. Stiffness may be from repetitively cracking the elbow, so try to avoid voluntarily doing this and see if stiffness resolves
1414554	What do you suggest if my little boy (3) has had a swollen lymph nodes in groin and neck for months but bloods all normal?	2 options If he is seemingly healthy, active, appetite good and no other symptoms, I would recommend watchful waiting. If any concurrent symptoms, he just isn't himself, poor growth or weight loss, fevers, then I would suggest a biopsy of one of the nodes. Make sure he has also had a TB test done as well. Also, if you have a cat, have him checked for cat-scratch disease (blood test).
574307	How do I tell the difference between  chest pain from a hernia and pain from a heart attack?	Difficult sometimes I presume hiatal hernia. The symptoms can be very similar that is why we have testing. Discuss with your doctor. Keep, track of time, place, severity, stimulating events for your discomfort. Usually a heart attack will really get your attention.
564770	Took hpt. Got faint positive. Next day went to doctor urine test came back negative? Could i still be pregnant? Got blood wrk done& waitng 4 results.	YES! Urine pregnancy test though good are not as accurate as blood test. You can still be pregnant.
1079112	Is it normal to still feel pain after  2weeks hernia surgery on l5-s1?. Leg hurts when stretched horizont., the hernia was large, nerve still swolen?	Not uncommon Never the less please make appt with the surgeon to make sure that you are healing normally. Many things could have gone wrong after you went home.
6715831	My nipple is itchy and it's tingling could I be pregnant?	Pregnancy If you have missed a period it is possible. Take a home pregnancy test to know. take care.
1213676	Is it normal for birth control pills to cause nausea sore breasts weird metal taste in mouth? I am on my second month so is my body still adapting?	Possible Birth control pills are hormones and the side effects you described can be caused by them. They are usually more pronounced in the first month, but can persist beyond that with some women.
407253	What type of cold/flu/infections is this? My symptoms are watery eyes, sore throat, bloody nose, stuffy nose, bloody popped ear drums and my mucus is bloody brown with dark green.	How How long have you had symptoms? These symptoms sound like a viral respiratory tract infection. This is also allergy season and many symptoms overlap. If symptoms are longer than 7-10 days without improvement, it could be bacterial and you can go to your doctor for treatment.
6757543	My knee has been hurting all day. making crackling noise & locking up & sharp and achy pains. i took tylenol. im allergic to Nsaids. anything i can do?	Yes rest your joint, put some ice packs, and try to elevate your leg, wear a knee support, enough to support without undue compression, keep taking tylenol regularly, and see your doctor
6771603	Girlfriend thinks she may be pregnant. She is virgin, I only rubbed head of penis against vagina. No insert. 11 days into her cycle. Is it possible?	Less Likely unless you deposited some precum intobher introitus.
578183	Sir i discharged my semen at the pubic hairs of my girl friend and semen goes into the lips of vagina. Now peroids are stoped. She can pregnent?	Semen Not a "high chance", but any time semen is placed near the vaginal opening, conception is at least possible.
6771607	I am worried I have copd or heart disease. Spyrometry, chest xray, treadmill tests all normal-strong. 10 pack year smoker, 2+ years quit. have mild shortness of breath, recurring right lung pain (not chest), mild air hunger, tested for sleep apnea, will f	Study the gallbladder? Does not make sense. Heavy smoker, SOB, and supernormal spirometry? Do you have an oximetry? 1. Repeat the test (spirometry) 2. Do a MRI of chest, rule out mesothelioma (early), or any type of infection. 3. What is your BMI? 4. You should have a cardiologist and a pulmonologist and put all together. Symptoms usually correlate with tests.
947596	Red color bump on the ankle very itchy on legs ?	Insect bite Consider the insect bite and the subsequent reaction. Watch out for any fever/ chills, red streaks going up the legs. See your physician.
1520671	Do all doctor offices do blood pregnancy test? Bc my breast and nipples have sore and when I take a home pregnancy test they come back negative.	OTC or MD's office Both of the above locations do pregnancy tests. OTC is over the counter that you purchase and do yourself.
6704024	My bottom lip started twitching & so does my left eye. Also i have sudden extreme tiredness & stiff neck pain,headaches.both hands numbness & tingling?	Neuropathy This requires a full detailed history, physical exam and perhaps some lab testing. See your family doctor and they may want to refer to a specialist if they deem it necessary.
965608	I have history of elevated blood protein(8.3-8.7 since 09). Recently did spep with elevated gamma globulin. Why would pcp refer me to hematologist?	Additional studies These studies suggest that your plasma cells are producing too much gamma globulin. Additional studies and physical examination by a hematologist is good advice.
6637952	Can any exercises that cause stress on the neck area trigger trigeminal neuralgia, or any positions that causes blood to rush to head?	Not believed so TN is not believed to occur as the result of exercises placing stress on the neck nor positions which cause blood to "rush to the head. " Some causes are DIRECT COMPRESSION of the nerve itself by a tumor, aneurysm, AVM, or blood vessel nicking the nerve. Surgeries, strokes, or MS can also cause damage to the myelin covering of the nerve causing pain. Need More info?www.healthtap.com/drsaghafi
930750	Never test + for RA or lupus, yet display all signs/symptoms; always get told it's just fibromyalgia. Could I have RA or sle? Go for 2nd opinion?	Yes.get a 2nd opinio Although medically you can make the diagnosis of RA base only on the symptoms, it is helpful to have corraboration of the diagnosis by lab work and x-ray of the involved joints(specially hands)if you have doubts about your physician get the second opinion.
1569324	Have had cramps before w/ period. Now have horrible stomach cramps only few days before period w/ bloating,gas for a few hrs only. What could this be?	Nothing Nothing serious. Sometimes a low dose diuretic may help. Better not to take any thing.
388933	Bad cold have a sore throat    running  nose  and no energy  but  no fever	Sore Sore throat is a fairly common symptom associated with many illnesses. Most of the time it resolves on its own without any other issues. Occasionally it can be due to something more serious that needs treatment. Reasons to seek care are: - any fever - since it could be strep and you can't tell without an exam/testing - if it lasts longer than 3 or 4 days - any difficulty opening your mouth - unable to swallow - severe pain - bleeding in the throat - redness or swelling on the outside of the neck - any difficulty breathing or noisy breathing in the meantime, taking Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen for pain, drinking plenty of fluids such as hot tea/broth or cold liquids and a spoonful of honey can help. Good luck!
1376335	I have a small red spot. It's dry, a little raised, and it covers a mole. It's only a little itchy when I mess with it. Should I be worried?	Mole changes In general, when moles change in size, appearance or behavior, they should be looked at by an expert.
1196151	Yesterday night i used litle benzyl peroxide (2.5%) on my cheeks I have very very mild acne .. N today when i woke up .. My cheeks are red and itchy..	Did you leave it on All might? It was probably too much. Pit a moisturizer on it. When it calms down try it again but only leave it on for 2 hours then work up slowly to leaving it on overnight. Your skin will thank you and your acne should improve. Don't forget to moisturize with sunscreen daily!
663770	Smoked catnip.Shooting pain back of left hand surface(nerves), twice. Happens rarely. Never this bad.Left arm shoulder neck back feels heavier. Advice?	Stop smoking Catnip? Really? Seek medical advice from your doc who can examine you and make sure you have not caused a serious problem. Good luck.
1443530	Mom (46y/o) has small, hard, circular immovable&painless lump on the forehead which appeared during her 20s & diagnosis multiple benign cyst on breast. Help.	Possible lipoma a skSince this has benign characteristics, I would not worry; however, I suggest a dermatology exam and evaluation.
506345	I have a raised bump on the inside of my arm in my elbow crease. It is itchy, has no rash. I have had an ear infection 3 weeks ago could this be an inflamed epitrochlear node? Should i be worried?	Could be It certaiy could be. If it doesn't resolve in the next several says, get it checked.
619186	I have this problem of unusual sneezing for almost everyday right before my morning start.Teary eyes, itchy warm inside my nose that last 4almst 2hours?	Allergies Sounds like it could be allergies. You could try over the counter medication. If that doesn't work you may need to see a physician who treats allergies for prescribed medication.
876423	What does melanoma look like as I have just seem a black mole on my upper back?	See Dermatology. Aad malignant melanoma: asymmetry: 1 half is unlike the other. Border: irregular, scalloped or poorly defined. Color: varied with shades of tan, brown or black; or white, red or blue. Diameter: > 6 mm. Evolving: mole /skin lesion looks different from the rest or is changing in size, shape or color. An irregular mole that itches, bleeds or is painful is worrisome for possible cancer.
6676041	I am itchy on my neck, breasts, upper abdomen, little miniscule white spots. What is this?	Ask question again but attach a picture!!
1141064	I was on the Depo-Provera injections for 6years untill last march 2013 when i came off of them I've now missed a period could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1023618	My boyfriend has a non itchy rash on his groin area now i'm getting it under my breasts, what to do?	Non itchy rash You may have a fungal rash. See a dermatologist for confirmation.
1481512	My throat and chest feels itchy when i breath since afternoon+panic attack and shortness of breath.I keep coughing but doesn't help.What might this be?	Asthma May be asthma from allergies or a sign of a panic attack. I would see your doctor or go to the ER where they can do simple breathing tests to check for asthma.
1323007	I was feeling sinus pressure, so I took some Zyrtec, Advil, and Saline Nasal Spray. The spray is burning. How can I make it stop?	It will pass Blow your nose or wait a while. You could also try humidifier, or plain water spray
6677799	Can I take benadryl after i have taken a 24 hour Allegra around 3pm?	Yes. Yes you can! It just may make your sedation from the Benadryl slightly more noticeable.
1481514	Can raised blood pressure for a long time causes heart problems?	Yes Elevated blood pressure places a greater demand on the heart to pump against the additional pressure. This can lead to heart strain. If you have high blood pressure, pay close attention to your doctor's advice regarding control of blood pressure.
728348	Can my tubaligation be the cause of my very heavy periods? Would just having my uterus removed be better for me because i also have ovarian cyst?	Tubal ligation Does not cause problems with periods. Other causes are responsible. Only your gynecologist after examination can answer your question.
1385266	Is an alkaline phosphatase level of 125 concerning? I have hepatitis B and am now afraid I have PBC.  Current ALT and AST are normal.	Alkaline phosphatase Hep B is not a condition associated with PBC, though PBC may occur in persons without associated conditions. Normal AP is up to 120 in most labs. A slight elevation is usually of no significance. Only if it is rising consistently, and to high levels, would it be of concern. No reason here for concern. You can repeat the test in 3 months, just to be sure.
6747240	Left scapula and left anterior chest pain with deep breath and certain shoulder movement assoc with left hand and left foot tingling, left arm ache???	Musculoskeletal It is impossible to diagnose based on this information, but the description is most compatible with a musculoskeletal problem, from arthritis in the shoulder to stress injury from moving, lifting, weights, etc. If it worsens, or if you develop dull chestpain, fever, or shortness of breath, see your doctor!
1359979	Pimple or herpes? I've had 2, 1 at the corner of mouth, 1 between nose & lip. Both have a hard lump, puss came out when squeezed, and no blister	Lump Your lump is probably an inpetiginous pimple. Do not squeeze the pimple as it will spread the infection. Use an antibiotic ointment for treatment
6747246	L Elbow n wrist pain with pain down L neck, L upper back, L upper arm and L forearm. Got the pain after swimming. 1 doc said golfer's elbow. Agree?	Possibly Golfers elbow is an inflammatory condition that affects the flexors of the wrist on the inside of the elbow. It could not explain all the pain complaints you have. You may have a pinched nerve in the neck which could potentially explain your symptoms.
356277	Scared over intermittent pain in inner arm or front of shoulder. Only comes on when lying in bed. Sleeping w/arm over head often brings it on.?	Shoulder pain Any history of shoulder injury?. Might consult your doc. For exam.
322554	Itchy rash on small areas of upper chest and shoulder?	Reaction 2 somthing If it's red and itchy, more than likely it's an allergic reaction to something (new skin care product, soap, detergent, fragrance, etc. ..) could be something else though, so should be checked and treated to give you relief.
1183895	Bout 6 years i feel like the left side of my head bothers me the left side of my head has a tender spot. Sum times light headed. Could it be cancer?	Highly doubtful Anything going on for that long is most likely nothing serious to worry about - the tender spot may just be an oversensitive region of the muscle/nerves that commonly occurs. I wouldn't worry about it unless it becomes more frequent or constant, or increases in severity.
6641794	Hi Doctor,

I got my periods on January 11. I fell down and broke my ankle on January 26. The orthopedic surgeon prescribed me pain medication-ibuprofen and hydrocodone/acetaminophen tablets on addition to coated aspirin. I was on levothyroxine medication	Broken ankle Sorry about your fracture but you don't ask a specific question. Is your ankle healing? If not go back to the orthopedist. Are you still on thyroxine and is your dosing enough? Check with your doctor.
1275238	Swollen neck lymph nodes and swollen groin again i think lymph nodes.Groin area is the size of a large pea. Did have a vaginal infection a month ago?	Lymph adenopathy Vaginal infections shouldn't cause swolloen lymph glands in the groin or neck. Have your physician examine you and order the appropriate tests such as a complete red and white blood count, monotest, etc.
650566	Why is the left side of my tongue sore?  When i swallow my throat and left ear hurts.	See your doctor It sounds like there could be some type of infection going on. Please get examined and treated by your doctor as soon as you can.
79184	Rash on the inner top of my foot. It is red, dry, it itches and hot water hurts so bad. Eczema or possibly athletes foot?	If hot water Hurts - don't put hot water on it. Dermatological conditions are best diagnosed on looking at them. See a dermatologist or podiatrist for further help.
822293	These are my symptons: sore throat, neck pain, very tird, shortness of breath, & feels like a large object is sitting on my chest...	Shortness of breath And chest pressure are very good reasons to see a doctor. Without a history and physical exam these are vague symptoms. It could be as simple as a viral syndrome or as serious as pneumonia. Please see your physician.
313332	Gullbladder at 36% severe abdominal pain, constant gas, diarrhea, constipation and constant nausea. Removal recommended by primary. Second opinion ?	See a Gen Surgeon You may have biliary dyskinesia symptoms. Did the gallbladder scan cause the same pains? Gallbladder surgery may resolve some of the symptoms but it is difficult to attribute the constipation & diarrhea to the gallbladder. Some patients feel better after gallbladder surgery.
6677571	Lightheaded for 3 months now numbness and tingling in arms,legs, feet, hands. No doctor can find anything wrong. im terrified! any advice?	Hmmm I would need more information, but with the limited info I have, I'd guess either a panic disorder of some kind, so seeing a psychiatrist can help. It could also be a whole range of neurological problems, including vitamin deficiencies, diabetes, or infection. Sometimes, these symptoms can be related to Lyme Disease.
357900	My face started to become itchy yesterday afternoon i know it s not poison ivy because it hasn t spread and it isn t red i also know its not acne beca?	Insufficient info An itchy face can be caused by many causes, the simplest of which is a harsh soap or too hot water. First aid would be a cold compress and then applying an unscented lotion such as vanicream light lotion. If symptoms continue, see your physician.
591892	My lower left leg is swollen, (2-3cms bigger than right) no pain. Tingly at times. No DVT (test came back negative) & no injury.(top of knee to ankle)?	Could be reflux You may have problems with venous insufficiency. These is what leads to varicose veins and many times presents as swelling without seeing veins on the surface. Ask you r doctor to order a venous reflux study from the vascular lab.
6690789	Yesterday and today woke up with a sore throat and barely any voice but can breathe fine through nose. Sinus Infection? Laryngitis?	URI Upper respiratory tract infections (URI) includes sinusitis & pharyngitis. Can be bacterial or viral. Usually will have fever & mucus colored mucus production. If bacterial, antibiotics help. If viral, symptomatic care helps. Symptoms can also arise from seasonal allergies. Using a nasal steroid and antihistamine (Nasacort/Allegra respectively), gargle with Listerine & warm salt water to help
595396	42 yo last period dec.  Spotted in jan. Feel sick in morning.  Light cramping vagina feels big itchy tender breasts  itchy clit.  Could i be pregnant?	Take a test Don't guess. Take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
765283	How long do prodromal symtpoms of herpes first outbreak lastburning/tingling  in thigh vagina anus abdomen x 9 days. Is herpes? Will blisters happen?	I would go In. The distribution of pain is wide fore genital herpes. The prodrome in a first episode is usually a viral type illness, then breakout. One would expect lesions after 9 days but it can be tricky in that there are times when it causes pain without blisters. If that is what u have i would b suprised? Gd luck.
1016380	Headaches, dizziness, nausea, feeling of vomiting, gassy, sleepy/tired what can it be ?	Dizzy, nausea Many possibilities. Be sure you are not taking any drugs. Could you be pregnant, then do urine tests? Call your doctor to make an appoint soon to be checked.
6784695	Hi, I'm 21 and I had my ultrasound yesterday, exactly 10 days after sexual activity and my ultrasound findings was thickened endometrium it's 1.6cm my doctor says that it's normal since I'm going to have my period on the first week of October. But I am ex	I don't know What your question is? Please re-ask
659792	My 3 yr. Old always cries every night and points to his ankle, wrist, elbow and knee joints. The doc said its growing pain, but i don't believe her.	MULTIPLE JOINT PAINS It is not normal for a child to cry every night due to painful joints. He needs evaluation and treatment.
503445	Sore to touch breasts and underarms, naseau and lightheaded "not myself" constant fatigue and bloating after everything i eat or drink, not pregnant?	SEE A GI DOCTOR May be a viral illness (which will resolve in a few weeks) but if it persists (1 month) you will probably need further testing.
6733298	I have chronic pain in knee everyday. chondromalacia Do i need a pain management Dr. what pain meds help i'm allergic to Nsaids meds. I'm 22 Yr Old?	Knee exercises Ask you physician to have you see physical therapy and learn quadriceps exercises
976464	Constipation, gas, lethargy, frequent urination....Pregnant?	Vague symptoms All of these are very vague symptoms. If you think you could be pregnant you need to get a pregnancy test. If urinary symptoms persists then you need to also get tests done to rule out infection.
1379181	Is a red pimple like spot that's painful to the touch on the inside of the vaginal lip (no hair zone) always herpes or is it normal to get these?	Sebaceous cyst It could be a sebaceous cyst. To find out for sure, see your GYN.
529707	What antibiotic can be used for a 29 year old  type 1 diabetic patient with acute tonsillitis?1000 mg amoxicillin or clindamycin injection too much?	See below It could be a viral infection and not need antibiotic treatment. If a test for strep throat is positive treatment with pen vk, Amoxicillin or an oral cephalosporin should work. The antibiotic needs to be taken for 10 days. Good luck.
756001	What could cause a thick, yellow discharge from vagina with no odor or itching after sex? Tested negative for stds, btw.	Fluids If you have been tested for stds the yeast and BV are possible. If this occurs after sex it may just be sexual fluids especially if your make partner ejaculated in you.
440885	Is chest congestion a symptom of the flu? I have a fever and cough with chest congestion. Could it be the flu or something else?

.	ABSOLUTELY These are all cold and flu symptoms--especially the fever. See your doctor for a diagnosis. In early stages, there are medications available to help thwart the symptoms and progression of the flu virus.
6713310	A nurse friend of mine recommended I take folic acid if there's any chance at all that I'd get pregnant even if I'm on birth control (24, Mirena IUD, sexually active). Is that true?	Good advice True. A good prenatal vitamin will provide the correct amount.
114525	What can I do for lightheadedness, head fuzzy and no balance list conciousness 1 time couldnt see after tilt table EKG and thyroid ok?	Neurology referral See a neurologist for further evaluation. You may need a head MRI or ct scan depending on your physical examination and complete medical history.
393796	What could make me keep diaheria, having numbness in legs, feet, and hands, and make my chest hurt? Went to the ER about a month ago symptoms of serve diaheria, chest pains, and tingling in legs, feet, and hands. Er doctor did blood work and dignose was l	You You need to go back and be re-evaluated in the er based on your symptoms. If you had hypokalemia (low potassium), and now are dehydrated, have diarrhea, can't eat, have photophobia (light sensitivity) and stomach pain, then you need to go back to the er.
6695667	Been coughing n felt like something was hung in my throat since last night. I can touch it but cant get it. Have an earache headache and i looked n theres a white dot right where I feel the thing. I have never had a tonsil stone. I have no fever or sore t	Throat Gargle with a teaspoon of salt in a pint of warm water. If this does not help see your doctor
1391421	I've been developing a skin colored rash on the outer edges of my hands every evening. It itches, so I've been using hydrocortisone cream. No redness.	See details These questions are impossible to answer without being able to visualize the rash. If you are concerned, see a dermatologist.
6688656	Dust allergy! Doc gave prednisone 30 mg x 18 days, salbutamol, Becloasma 3x day. 6th day now. Nose still runs, mucus, itchy, low fever, mild SOB? Help	Mgt From your history and treatment plan, you are being treated for asthma and allergic reactions. The results of your testing may be uploaded to your virtual chart for a review. If you are short of breath, the salbutamol may be taken four times per day, and your physician can add Singulair,an anti histamine, and an inhaled steroid as needed. appointments: healthtap.com/DosanjhMD Code: NCYHPZ
1094093	I have had three small pimple like bumps on my bottom lip now for like over a month now with the symptoms of a cold sore but they haven't open or grew?	Are they painful? If they are not painful they may be small cysts called milia. They can be removed by your local dermatologist and are not dangerous. Cold sores are painful.
6610747	I have a 6" length on my outer thigh half way between my hip & my knee that is extremely tender to the touch. No injuries. No swelling that I can tell?	Tenderness The problem could be from bone, muscle or nerve in that area. If there was numbness and/ or tingling, a pinched nerve occurring at the entrance of your leg/groin region would be suspected. See an orthopedic surgeon for evaluation if this symptom persists and appropriate tests or xrays will be ordered. A referral to a neurologist can be made if deemed advisable.
1348245	Blood in my stool. Dark red like period blood on the toilet paper but in the toilet it looked pinkish red. I've had diarrhea for 3days no blood til now?	Get an exam These symptoms could be due to a intestinal infection which may require treatment or to an inflammatory disease of the colon. You really need to be checked by an appropriate doctor - either a Family Practitioner, Internist or Gastroenterologist.
6610748	I took a zyrtec about 12 hrs ago and was wondering if it was ok to take one benadryl?	Yes. There should not be any significant interaction although both meds are in the same class.
1461406	I have stomach infection. my stomach swells up. I have migraine headaches and stress from two years. i had visited a doctor, he advised me to exercise?	You may've migraine You may have a primary problem of migraine headaches given your symptoms of stomach involvement as you describe. It may be best for your parents or for yourself if that is the case to look for a headache specialist. While exercise in enough itself is great to do I don't think in this case is going to solve the problem.
1292211	Sob, congestion, worsening cough with occasional sputum, low grade fever, weakness, started sunday, can't sleep, red sore scratchy throat.	See Doctor Cough congestion sore throat all sound like influence like illness. However, since sob is in the mix it would be best to be evaluated by your doctor.
311671	I have just got my 3rd round of the Depo-Provera shot yesterday but I have had a dark brown discharge for the past month and a half they told me i had blood n my urine which could mean a UTI or bladder infection so could I have the brown discharge from th	Uti If you have blood in your urine that is not a contamination from your vaginal discharge, you need treatment to prevent worsening urinary infection.
6636926	30mg Buspar qd 4 anxiety for about a yr w welbutrin 300 n Lexapro 10mg for depression. Stopped the lex n dr upd Buspar to 30 bid. Will I get s.e again?	Unlikely Both Buspar and Lexapro work for anxiety so if you stop one and increase the other the net effect should be to not make a difference in your anxiety level.
259680	The doctor says I have a torn ligament and he wants to do surgery on my left knee to improve it does it get better after surgery?	It should improve Certain ligaments need to be repaired, your dr makes the call based on the exam and history. The knee uses the acl as its primary stabilizer with remaining muscles, ligaments and menisci helping. If the acl is not repaired in active people it leads to early onset arthritis. Be prepared to rehab your knee for several months.
1421245	How sensitive is a cardiac MRA scan in comparison to an angiogram in a slightly over weight 22 year old female with chest pain?	Not valuable Cardiac MRA is valuable for cardiac chambers, volumes, and shunts but for visualizing the coronary arteries, the test you want is a cardiac CT angiogram which has better temporal resolution. Understand: unless you have diabetes or use cocaine, the incidence of coronary disease in a 22 yo female is
1479566	24 weeks, cerclage, cervix .3. I can't eat or drink anything. Constant vomiting & diarrhea. Should I be concerned?	Yes something sounds wrong advise you to go to DR and get checked. need ultrasound to check baby need exam to check YOU it is possible during a cerclage to injure the bowel or bladder and these must be ruled out as well as infection
346519	I have been off Depo-Provera since oct 2 no period yet think i ovulated last week now have lite spotting how long do I wait to take a home pregnant test without knowing when my period should start or if its already late?	7-10 days Most home pregnancy tests are accurate 7-10 days after conception.
6744263	Hi,
Just wondering, im sexually active and my Period is late Ive had spot bleeding a really light pinkish color, what is the chance of being pregnant?	Possible. If you have been having unprotected sex then pregnancy is always possible. The only way to know for sure is to check a pregnancy test. If you do not want to be pregnant get some form of contraception right away.
1511154	Nausea, Headaches (sev) bad diarrhoea, dizziness, and flu like symptoms as well as stomach cramps, what could this be Please ?	Could be viral gastroenteritis commonly caused by Norovirus.
215567	My husband has Crohn's disease n so far every treatment drs have tried, are unsuccessful.On remicade now. Does this med cause weight gain?Hes puttn on.	Weight gain possible According to remicade. Com side effects: sudden weight gain (sign of heart failure), or shortness of breath, swelling of your ankles or feet, numbness, weakness, tingling, changes in your vision, seizures, hives, difficulty breathing, chest pain, high or low blood pressure, swelling of face and hands, and fever or chills. Other problems: lupus, hepatitis, lymphoma, ANS infections.
750092	I had open inguinal hernia surgery 3 weeks ago and was told by my surgeon not to lift anything over 30 lbs. Two days ago, i lifted a grocery bag which weighed about 15 lbs. Can this affect anything?	Doubt Hi,I doubt that any damage has been done. I would avoid lifting heavy objects,even full grocery bags for a couple of months.It is not worth having the hernia come back.If you can't get someone else then take each grocery bag in 2 or 3 trips! I hope you heal well.
1385943	If I have an ectopic pregnancy and it ruptures and causes internal bleeding can I lie and say it was a big ovarian cyst?	To any medical care professional you should never lie @ your medical history as it can be detrimental to your care. What you tell others is up to you but the truth often comes out at some point.
1433807	After angiogram & stent I have leg swelling for 10 months.  Knee pain subsided. Xray, MRI show nothing. slight arthritis not the cause.  Any suggeston?	Could be venous I am assuming you had heart cath via your femoral artery and vein and you had heart coronary angioplasty and stent your leg swelling is from the vein in the legs DVT already ruled out by negative test you need leg elevation and pressure support stocking to minimize the swelling check with your doctor good luck
612574	Had a vulva biopsy on a mole, something went wrong, I have elevated skin that is painful- i was told it was not a keloid scar, but may need to see a plastic surgeon- what happened to result in this..	Yesterday's answers Yesterday when you asked this question most of the doctors who answered felt that keloids or scar tissue were the most likely cause. Another physician thought it might be genital warts. Without an exam we probably can not confirm this. Scar tissue is certainly possible after a biopsy. Perhaps a dermatologist would be your next stop. They can review your biopsy result and examine the area.
1501043	Tingling in arms and right side of face and head. Bp 130/80, CT angio and stress echo done in feb '14, normal, agat sc 0.5, ECG norm. TIA? No othr sx	None no medical problem, no further w/u needed.
990837	I have symptoms of right side face numbness and right thigh lateral numbness, swelling and redness. Also, when standing for an extended period or walking, blood pressure goes up.	See your doctor This could be one of several problems, including trigeminal neuropathy, meralgia paresthetica, or of inflammatory origin. It could even be from brain origin. The swelling and redness are the most important parts to get sorted out, as the cause may be associated with numbness. BP is likely to be secondary. Don't try to sort this out without medical help. It sounds serious.
812662	Had EBV test came back EBV nuc IgG ser qi eia positive and EBV vac IgG eia postive. Ebv capsid IgM eia negative. I'm so tired what do this mean?	EBV test It indicates a history of ebv infection but likely not an acute infection. In the us, by age 5, about 50% of all americans have been infected with ebv, that increases to 90% by age 25.
1493396	Is there a test for genital herpes? or only visual? i did blood test and got igg+ and igm-for herpes 1and all negative for 2	Herpes one and two You tested negative for genital herpes (herpes Type Two). Thus I do not understand your question. Yes there is a test. You have had the test. And, the test is negative.
1274987	Is it good to drink 2 to 3 glasses of water or more 5 hours before mri/mra with contrast?Does it increases or decreases size of brain aneurysm if foud	Not needed Mri contrast is not iodine containing therefore it doesn't cause kidney problems, therefore no need to hydrate in that fashion. Doubt oral fluid has any impact on brain aneurysm physiology.
594447	Is it possible I have a brain tumor? I've  had this horrendous pain originating  from a spot on my head had a CT scan done no contrast-clean	Consider MRI A non-contrast ct scan is limited in what can be detected (large lump, recent bleeding, etc), but an MRI of the brain (order it "with and without contrast") is much more detailed and gives a cleaner picture. If you have rapidly escalating pain, you should seek immediate medical attention as these can be signs of serious bleeding.
1493390	I see white strips on both sides behind each tonsil that goes down as far as my epiglottis. I have a sore throat, tonsils aren't swollen. No allergies	Go to the Doctor I am not sure why you would turn to the internet. You have symptoms of an illness. Please go see your physician for an evaluation.
1224940	My gynecologist will be performing a pelvic ultrasound on me 6 weeks 2 days after last sexual contact.Will i know 100% if I am pregnant or not?	Yes But why don't you just take a pregnancy test? At 6 2/7 weeks after intercourse, you are about 8+ weeks pregnant and they should be able to see a pregnancy if you are pregnant.
1307784	My ex and i broke up for about 2 months, but recently got back together. His lymph nodes in his groin have been swollen for a few days, is it an std?	It is possible That it is and possible to be as a result of something else. Are there any other signs or symptoms of an std? Men can't hide those things too effectively.
1102932	I'm currently taking aleve-d for a sinus infection. Is it safe to also take tylenol or ibuprofen for immediate pain relief?	Not Ibuprofen. Two nsaids simultaneously is asking for trouble. Tylenol is less of a problem, but do not overdose.
1274989	Pain rt eye and headache rt side 6 months. Sinus CT clear. Still have thick green nasal mucus, constant throat clearing and headache daily. Ct missed?	Need exam Given the duration of your symptoms, i think you need to see an ophthalmologist.
1388061	Pinky Tiny Pimples-like Rashes on the back of both hands & starts to feel itchy after few hours...spreading to arm slowly...can I take Cetirizine?	Contact/irritant This appears to be a contact or irritant dermatitis. Hydrocortisone cream may help but you need to pinpoint the source. Avoid irritating substances, scented/antibacterial soaps, or excessive hand-washing. If problem persists, see a dermatologist.
6666918	Could sudden cessation of long term Mirapex 3mg/d for RLS cause sudden marked  bradykinesia type walk? R/O Parkinson's...	Yes Mirapex is a drug used to treat Parkinsons. It enhances dopamine in the brain. Parkinsons disease is due to dopamine loss. If this medication were abruptly discontinued, it could result in symptoms very similar to Parkinsons. Talk to your doctor about tapering this medication more slowly. Best wishes!
867621	I havetoxoplasmosis  in the eye is it possible for it to go in the brain.  Its on the left eye and only the left side of my head feel like its swollen?	Possible Low risk but still possible. You do not say if you are immune-suppressed or have hiv, but these would sharply increase risk factors. Talk to your docs about your prognosis, and whether your treatment is helping.
1550886	I have 2 positive urine test, 1 positive blood test and 1 negative urine test today, im I pregnant? and also i got my period today	Confusing! I agree that's pretty confusing. Since your period started it makes pregnancy much less likely: I recommend getting a quantitative hCG with a doctor as soon as possible to resolve this. Good wishes.
819923	May be far fetched but can plavix cause depression or reduced the effectiveness of wellbutrin?	No Not plavix.
1391998	I have a yellow lump on the back of my throat and a swollen gland & earache on the same side. Possible impacted wisdom teeth -connected? ++throat pain	See doctor Go be seen please
1230487	Hi for the last week IV had a headache that wont go away, pain in left temple behind the left eye and sore left side of face. Also get dizziness?	? Temporal Arteritis Most common causes of pain in a localized temporal region could be TMJ or temporal arteritis, but many other causes are possible. Any headache for me is serious and needs immediate attention until we know the cause. Most can be treated. Best is to see your doctor to examine you and may be order some tests.
1370318	What to do if I have tried prescription eye drops over-the-counter eye drops and my eyes are swollen red itchy, and won't stop watering, what can I do?	Allergic Conj-itis Allergic conjunctivitis can be very annoying. Use cold ice packs if possible when itching sensation starts to stop cycle of allergy. Cold non preserved artificial tears 4-6x/day as needs. MD can Rx mast cell stabilizer to help as well. Steroids used as last resort. Allergy tests can be done early to ID culprits, immunotherapy also; See http://eyedoc2020.blogspot.com for tiered approach on Rx.
1450688	I always ve chest pain specially after effort, I've done ECG & X Ray and even ultrasound and doctors said its GERD, how it is GERD & its effort Relate?	Try GERD medication It might help to try treatment for GERD if you've not done so. Speak with your healthcare provider about prescription medication for GERD, arrange for a follow up after few weeks of trial.
326711	What is the good diet for a human being who has kidney stones ?	KIDNEY STONES For ca/ox stones look up a low oxalate high citrate diet but most importantly your urine output should be between 2 and 2. 5 liters/day to prevent stones from growing or forming. There are some unusual stones that require a more specific diet for prevention.
1429902	I missed my period for 6 weeks and did a hpt- negative.I am now 8 weeks late haven't checked since-nausea, indigestion, fatigue, boobs hurt. Pregnant?	Yes May be pregnant please check the pregnancy test again
1517871	Normal menstrual is 25-28 days...last 2 periods were light only one day of medium flow.  its been 30 days cramping no period.  tubal ligation 3 yrs ag?	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit
1102680	8th day from IUI treatment, negative result, but all the symptoms for pregnancy, tender breasts, nauseas, etc is it possible to be to soon to know?	Testing too Soon Does your question mean that you have already tried a pregnancy test? If so, then yes, this was done way too soon and was probably a waste of money. The body does not know it is pregnant and thus cannot create 'symptoms' for some time. The fetus has to implant and then grow to a size that it has blood and blood vessels and is sharing blood with the mother. This happens at least fourteen days.
761941	Do medications (eg: lyrica, prednisone, methotrexate, azathioprine) have any effect on a skin test for small fiber neuropathy?	See below The Prednisone and azathioprine may more so than the Methotrexate if the small fiber neuropathy is autoimmune in orgin. The Lyrica may not have much effect.
1041580	Where r the areas in your head where they would hurt if u have tmj? Mines hurts on top & n front of my ears! MRI of brain normal 4-18-13 lots of ha	Could be TMJ Areas you mention common in TMD. See TMJ expert for exam. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
1258292	Ihave itching\discharge inside of my labia minora next day right minora swole up and my groining node is sore days after rough sex skin peeling?	Get tested Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment. My first concern is to rule out herpes.
1572930	22 yo female. Second time within a year I am experiencing cold/weakness and tingling in left arm and leg with jaw ache. Tests show everything is fine ?	WHICH tests are fine Which tests do mean are fine? And is this a feeling that suddenly comes on without warning? Does it build? Is it only there for less than 2-3 seconds or does it linger minutes to hours? Any other symptoms such as shortness of breath, chest pounding, sweating? If you'd like to set up a consultation feel free to let me up at: www. healthtap.com/drsaghafi Key Code: PDXFNR
389716	Should i go to the ER or can I wait to see my md? I have a history of chronic DVT with known blockage in both thighs and take large amounts of Coumadin (12 1/2 mg daily). A couple of days ago my hands, legs and feet started to swell. Today my left calf is	By By the date of your post almost a week has gone by. Hopefully you improved and/or you saw a doctor. For anyone reading this post or to the author of this question, in a situation such as the above a medical evaluation is needed immediately to rule out DVT (deep vein thrombosis). The Coumadin may not be therapeutic (at a level where it works) which could result in another dvt. I hope you are better.
1457996	Runny nose cough sneezing and sore throat for 3 days . How treat it I took ciproflaxin today?	Probable Viral Syn These symptoms are most likely a viral syndrome and are best treated with supportive care. This means lots of fluids, acetaminophen/ibuprofen and rest. The Cipro will probably not do much to help.
57690	Can a kidney infection cause blood in my urine?	Yes Uti which can become kidney infection can cause pain and frequency with urination as well as blood in urine. You will need to go to doc to check urine culture, check temperature and possible kidney ultrasound depending on clinical findings.
563173	What causes likeclock work up back pain under rt shoulder blade? Been hurting for mths. Ct of chest k. Mri of tspine ok. Big breast.Better w/rest	Mid back pain Can indeed be coming directly via a nerve from a degenerated level at the thoracic spine, however, most patients have 'peri-scapular' pain, or pain around and under the shoulderblade from cervical degeneration and facet problems in the neck. Sometimes even due to referred pain from nerve impingement in the neck. Find a good orthopaedic spine surgeon to evaluate you and find the cause. Good luck.
943460	How many days does it take to get blood culture results of a breast abscess?	2 days With current photometric monitoring of blood cultures, most real positive cultures are identified by 24 hours of incubation, and virtually all by 48 hours. Blood cultures positive after 48 hours of incubation must be viewed a possible contaminants if drawn from a venipuncture (but not from a central line).
305096	I have a rash on my hands, arms, small of my back, thighs, knee caps and elbows.  The rash is itchy and burns and painful.?	Psoriasis Can involve the areas that you mentioned but is usually not itchy or burning but can be. Other skin conditions such as eczema can be itchy and blotchy.
321942	Within the past 48 hrs i went from extreme fatigue, to a scratchy  slightly sore throat, body aches, chills, but no fever.  I have  no appetite, but have been drinking tea and lime water.  What should I take to relieve symptoms without over drugging mysel	Viral syndrome? Could be viral syndrome , typically. But some times early streptococcal throat infect. Can cause similar picture. For now maintain adequate hydration by drinking plenty of fluids, rest by holiday to work for 1 or 2 days ( avoid spreading inf. To others too), tylenol for body pain and soft.Diet . Avoid Aspirin . Can do salt water gargle/listrine mouth w.If not impoving /fever comes see ur pcp -exam+.
21076	Is pernicious anemia helped by B12 vitamins as well as as B12 injections?	Maybe If B12 deficiency is caused by a lack of something called "intrinsic factor, " then you may not be able to absorb orally ingested B12 very well. Under these circumstances it's sometimes preferable to do injections, especially at first. On the other hand, very high dose oral B12 can sometimes do the trick, but response will probably be slower.
1406867	2mm dark brown mole on heel that hasn't grown looked a little irregular and dr removed it. Would it have grown if it was melanoma?	Mole You need the results of your biopsy. Was the mole dysplastic meaning that the mole was pre-cancerous. If so, was the mole totally removed so it would not turn into a melanoma. If the biopsy showed a melanoma, you would need wide surgical excision by a surgical oncologist.
829096	If the hav-igg ab to hepatitis a virus is reactive (11.52), while detection of IgM antibodies  against hav  from patient serum is non-reactive(0.29)?	Previous infection It mean that you were infected with hepatitis a virus some time in the past. You may or not have had actual hepatitis.
6759502	I have a large bump on the top of my spine below my neck. It is very hard. Is it worrisome? I also have 3 swollen lymph nodes I'm getting a biopsy on.	Hard bumps A hard bump in the skin at your age is most likely benign, perhaps an inclusion cyst, or an osteoma cutis. If the lymph nodes are related to the lump, they could also be reacting to an inflammatory process, though that might be more painful than hard. Have the doctor look at the skin bump when they evaluate the lymph nodes.
1202678	Can I have symptoms of early HIV infection 2 or 3 days after exposure. Started high fever, sore throat, and extreme soreness in my leg and butt.	Acute HIV infection You can have symptoms of an acute (new) HIV infection. They are similar to mono - with sore throat and achiness. (i hope an expert weighs in on how early this can occur.) there is a blood test that shows HIV 'viral load, ' i.e., how many copies of the HIV virus a person has. This is usually done if a very high risk event has occurred: significant exposure with known HIV positive partner.
1433689	Blood in urine then passed sac 4 weeks later with white tissue. Took hCG blood test 3 weeks later and was negative. Was this a miscarriage?	Yes Sounds like a complete miscarriage
1453790	What is the testing window for chlamydia and gonorrhea with the chlamydia/gonorrhea NAA test? 26 days post exposure this test was negative. Accurate?	NAAT testing You are fine. Tests should be valid three to five days after exposure for Gonorrhea or Chlamydia.
1023370	Itchy. In my vagina doctor said its not a yeast infection what to do?	Allergic vaginitis Eliminate soaps, baths, laundry detergents, etc.
1486149	Is thick white pasty discharge normal after taking a course of flagyl? No itching smell or burn and,if yeast can I use Monistat OTC medicine	White discharge kind of sounds like a yeast infection. These are common after taking antibiotics, because the normal bacteria in the vagina get killed off, leaving room for yeast growth. Monistat is certainly a reasonable try. If it doesn't work, see your doctor. Hope this helps!
1425049	Getting brown spotting week before period. Cramping bloating and tender breasts but negative tests. Been spotting for six days. What is happening?	Spotting Sounds like your period actually starting a little early. Would recommend a second pregnancy test 1 week from the first. If you are on the pill, discuss with your gyn change if this continues (the progesterone in you pill may not be high enough or strong enough) your gyn will know what this means. Hope this helps. Dr R
6742735	Haven't been getting good sleep for the past few days, anxiety is very bad, everything seems like a dream, talked To therapist and ER told me to take ativan amd sleep. Very nervous about taking it.	Sounds a little like derealization, which is usually an indicator of very strong anxiety, if not of other things (drug problems, psychosis, etc. ). Ativan will help with sleep but is a short-term solution. Watch for dependence. Meanwhile, consult a mental health pro for the anxiety, and a masseuse for those tight muscles around the neck and shoulders. http://www.psychologyproductsandservices.com/page2.html
1467235	I have a very strange red rash on my one hand, and continues up in a straight line up my arm..its very itchy and time to time the red bumbs turn white?	Rash Seek medical attention at urgent care today could be infection deveolping, contact dermatitis ( poison ivy and such), or scabies or bed bugs . May need medications
1079006	Does trazodone mimic real sleep better than any other sleep aid? Will i eventually be able to sleep without it one day?	It is possible. All psychotropic meds can affect sleep architecture to some degree. Trazodone can impair the ability of your brain to create new connections at night. If the cause of your insomnia is treated, you may not need meds. Try to avoid strenuous activities, nicotine, caffeine or eating right before sleep. Consider meditation or listening to relaxing music before u sleep. Exercise regularly in the am.
1091677	Er CBC result-wbc 15.1 RBC 5.57 hemoglobin 16.6 hct 49.8 lymph 7.9 mono 1 neutral 90.9 no infection seen for abdominal and body ache told its stress:(?	Repeat Have the test repeated when you're entirely healthy if there is concern.
1291175	Started bleeding 5 days early 3 days of bright red blood mixed with stretchy discharge and not as heavy as period last day was all brown implantation?	Dont guess. Take a test. they are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
990301	How soon after an hCG trigger shot can my doctor do a blood pregnancy test?	10 days Beta HCG in serum will be gone at 10 days from the shot.
1028494	I get a shooting pain on left breast  , should I get mammogram ?	Breast Pain Breast pain can be from a variety of sources--recent exercise or pulled muscle, poor supporting bra, timing in menstrual cycle, etc. Performing self-breast examination monthly will help you assess any interval changes in your breast contour. If breast pain does not respond to an over the counter analgesic medication, or it persists, you may wish to have it further evaluated.
1282279	I have a persistent cough but my throat doesn't hurt. The last two nights i've also woke up with chest pains and hard to breath. What's wrong?	Cough is chest pain Chest pains in your age group is unlikely related to the heart. If you have had a productive cough and having chest pains this is likely an infectious process such as pneumonia and your will need a chest x-ray performed and antibiotics. If you have had a chronic cough for weeks associated with sob this could be asthma a pulmonary function test can diagnose. Consult with primary doctor for work up.
1267177	I recently had white watery discharge and it's sticky or stretchy like that. What does that mean? I haven't had any sexual intercourse with anyone.	White discharge. The discharge may be entirely normal discharge that some women have.
1039854	Any better alternative to risperidone, given its side effects, for me to discuss with my mom's doc?  She had a TIA and developed occassional hallucinations. She has lewys body dementia/parkinsons.	Antipsyhcotics There are several options available. I would encourage you to discuss these with her doctor. Sometimes it takes a couple of trials to find a good fit for the individual.
801194	How can chlamydia be tested, by blood or urine?	Testing. A swab is used to take a sample from a man's urethra or a woman's cervix. The specimen is analyzed at a lab. There are also tests that use a urine sample.
1437371	HA NP = tension headaches. No pain in back of head or feeling of rubber band on 4head. symptoms nasal pain, congestion, facial pressure & ear pain. Sinus?	Sinusitis It is possible that your sinuses are congested. You need to see your doctor for examination. There are medications that will help.
1046442	I bled a week early. My breasts are sore & i've noticed way more bumps around my nipples. Neg hpt  day of expected period. Could i still be pregnant?	Maybe. Maybe not. One can re-test in a week. An early menstrual period may be caused by changes in hormone levels, which can be due to anxiety, stress, overworking, intense exercise, fatigue, or excessive weight gain/loss. If pregnancy happens, a bit of spotting sometimes occurs 9-14 days after conception and may seem to a woman that she's starting an early period. If symptoms continue she can see an ob-gyn doctor.
502635	I feel discomfort with my fast heart beat and feel in my centre of chest like  in my breath pipe?	See a doctor--card Fast heart rates that are producing uncomortable symptoms should undergo an evaluation. This might involve patient activated monitoring (to assess the rhythm), as well as structural/functional assessment of the heart. A structurally normal heart should provide some reassurance. Treatment options can then be discussed. General health/medical conditions including lung and thyroid eval.
1101245	Left tonsil w white pus w one sore on back of throat w pus. A slight sore throat for a week. Left lymth node swollen. Don't want to see dr if possible?	Pharyngitis Is an inflammation of the throat (sore throat). The common cause is viral infection and usually no treatment is need it. However, strep throat is bacterial infection needs medical attention and antibiotics treatment to prevent future complications. Better safe than sorry.
464460	What causes men to hold water in their testicles pain in back and on left lower side of abdoman?	Hydrocele http://www.mayoclinic. com/health/hydrocele/ds00617 note: varicocele: http://www.Mayoclinic.Com/health/varicocele/ds00618.
6754170	Concerned re: mole on my ankle that appeared about 8 months ago.  It is about pencil eraser size, but I googled and found "nodular melanoma", and one of the images looks like my mole... i I have derma appt in 6 wks, should I get looked at sooner?	Yes you should If you can't get an appt with a dermatologist for whatever the reason, a podiatrist should be able to evaluate you just the same. ....
805854	My neck is stiff, my neck glands are swollen, my left ear is aching. Do I have mono?	Probably too old... U r too old for that. Simple oral cavity infection can do that. The new found pleasure of oral sex is a curve ball in this issue. See pmd easy to short out.
948735	Gyn doctor only, what's partial hysterectomy? Does it mean that uterus is left/cut in half ? I have fibroids which needs surgery & want to my organ.	Partial hyster Total abdominal hysterectomy is when they remove the uterine body and cervix, tah/bso is when they remove that as well as tubes and ovaries, partial likely means that they plan on taking the body of your uterus and leaving your cervix in. ... But check with your surgeon to be sure.
1552908	I have an often weak urine stream & split stream at times.I had a Cystoscopy he said all looked great! Any ideas? Is it just getting older? Thank you	Here is ... The mechanical changes such as size & degree of blockage of prostate and some roughness in bladder as ssen in cystoscopy ( the urethra, especially prostate urethra, and the bladder) is not always linearly proportional to the degree of function, that is, how the relaxation and opening of prostate urethra and coordinating bladder muscle contraction may take place. So, ask Doc to gain some sensible.
493983	Aside from those certain veggies we always hear about, which foods are most likely to cause problems with gas, bloating, upset stomach, etc.?	Junk food We were designed to eat he foods you mention. It is the man made foods that give trouble.
943288	I got for the first time the Depo-Provera shot he day after i had unprotected sex.He ejaculated in me so I am wondering what are the chances  get pregnant?	High The shot will not protect you until about two weeks after the shot. You could easily conceive if you have ovulated.
190738	If I take melatonin regularly each evening to successfully to treat insomnia and miss a dose, will I experience sleep disruption?	No Not necessarily. Sleeping medications are not something that makes you sleep, they may help with sleep.
645115	Bloated tummy for 6 months, burning pain in bladder, back ache, burning feeling inside vagina, now blood in urine
?	See a doctor Sounds like an infection, but you should get that checked out to make sure it's nothing more serious.
690714	Doc say my frequent ejaculation 3 times a day for 2yrs cause high increase in testosterone level for long duration which cause premature baldness !	Is the Doc right? Your sexual activity cannot change your testosterone level. This is absurd. I believe there are two issues here. Your sexual activity, which is normal and common and of no concern to any one medically. Masturbation is a normal human experience. And, if you have male pattern baldness this is evidence of genetic predisposition much more than any comment about your testosterone level.
1179450	Ears are hurting.  Dr said no infection just a lot of fluid.  Using nasonex and afrin.  Can fluid in ears turn into infection? Seeing ENT this week.	Otitis media Yes, fluid accumulating behind the ear drum can become infected, usually with the bacteria that are commonly found in your nose and the back of your throat. Your ENT doctor will sort this out effectively. Good luck.
1202249	I have a rash under my bottom lip. Dont have any other symptoms of herpes like burning urine or sores "down there" it doesn't hurt just itches?	Rash It would be rash of me to try and suggest a diagnosis without seeing this eruption. You need to be examined by a doctor and have suggestions made for cause and treatment. Good luck.
513631	Do colon cancers continue to bleed or do they stop? Haven't had rectal bleeding for over a year but did have bright red rectal blood before. I'm 26.	Rectal bleeding At 26, it's unlikely you have cancer, but it's not impossible. There are many possible causes of bleeding, hemorrhoids being the most common at your age. To answer your question - cancer could bleed then stop, but it's not the most common behavior of them. You should see your doctor for a check up and to be reassured. If your doc thinks you need a colonoscopy, get one to be sure you are ok.
6762257	I have hemorrhoids that were painful and bleeding even without bowel movement. Pain gone, but now there is bright blood/clots, without bowel movement.	Get checked... Hemorrhoidal bleeding is very common, however, there are other causes of rectal bleeding that are much more serious problems, like colon & rectal cancer. See a doctor for an exam... you should get a colonoscopy. Good luck!
6783558	Inside left ear swollen, dizziness, faintness, body gets flushed associated with this, like panic attk No fever, no highblood pressure, heart rate fin?	Medium otitis 1/2 otitis might give all these symptoms ;
6750256	Is it possible to have a flu with only body aches and fever for a few days the fever is gone,  but no cough or runny nose or can it be something elde?	Probably not flu Runny nose isn't common with influenza, but almost all cases have headache, sore throat, and/or cough. Innumerable other infections can cause body aches and fever. Something other than influenza probably was the cause, especially at this time of year. If your symptoms have cleared up and you now feel well, you needn't do anything. If they are continuing or return, see your doctor.
1363778	I have an earache in both ears for about a week now with sore throat and mild cough , chest feels irritated congested . No fever ! Is it allergies ?	Possible This is allergy season and this may be what you have, but cannot possibly diagnose long-distance. Would you want your can fixed over the telephone?
6747746	As someone with knock knees, my right knee is in so much pain, I've had surgery before to try to correct my knees, which hasn't worked. I want to have my right leg amputated?	Get an opinion from an orthopedic surgeon for possible knee replacement surgery. Amputation seems like a drastic cure in a young person like you.
6776646	Both ears popping and clicking. Right ear vibrates when brather thru nose. Slight headache. Also feel pressure and pain when right ear facing pillow?	Start with a thorough TMJ evaluation by a dentist trained in treating TMJ disorders.
1239288	Lower abdominal pain, fever, nausea, vomiting, chills, gas in stomach, caugh, itchy throat.... What can this be?	See doctor If you have a fever, it is not from a food allergy and it is likely that the throat symptom is unrelated to the rest. Although urinary tract or a viral infection may account for some of your symptoms (chills, fever, vomiting, abd pain), it cannot account for the cough. It is time for you to consult a doctor.
564345	I have a sore throat , my tongue feels swollen and has bumps on it. I also have a runny nose and sinus pressure.	Sounds like you Are getting a viral infection. Cold? Flu? Take it easy, rest, lots of fluids. Tylenol for aches & fever. Or nyquil (will make you sleepy) you're probably contagious so try not to expose others. Cover your cough. Wash hands often. Try gargling w 1 tbsp salt dissolved in warm water. Chicken soup (seriously) hot lemonade w honey can be soothing. I love thai soup when i feel like this.
1383975	I had unprotected vaginal sex with a woman 3 times. If she had an STD like chlamydia or gonorrhea, would I catch it for sure? What are my chances?	Chances very high Both conditions are very contagious.
907747	I hurt my hand in gymnastics, and my hand hurts under my pinky finger, it hurts to move and touch, it is  a little swollen but it is not bruised?	Hand surgeon There are several issues that could cause your symptoms. The best care would be to have a hand surgeon evaluate you with additional imaging such as an x-ray. Continuing gymnastics without an evaluation could lead to further injury.
395549	Do i need to go to the hospital? Pain in the upper right quadrant of my stomach with swelling, pain varies between dull & throbbing and sharp & stabbing, fatigue, nausea but no vomiting, shaking, pale coloration of face, slight fever, diarrhea.	Pain Pain in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen is worrisome. It may indicate gallstones and possible infection and even a blockage by one of the stones that could be causing issues with your liver etc. The bottom line is to see a medical professional right away.
6724214	Is resting heart rate and sleeping heart rate the same?	Heart rate Resting heart rate usually when you are sitting resting but sleep rate is usuallly slightly slower
895063	Im 7 weeks pregnant and my HSV IgG 1 and 2 tests were pos (6.01 and 5.89 resp) but IgM tests were negative, i m really worried for my baby. Please guid?	HSV and pregnancy So, it appears that you have been exposed to both hsv type 1 and 2 and harbor genital herpes virus (hsv 2) which your baby can contract. It's been shown that if you have no active outbreak of hsv 2 around the time of your labor, your baby is safe. If you do have such outbreak and your baby is being delivered, he/she may acquire the virus and develop complications.
14950	If mammograms slightly increase my risks of breast cancer, why does everyone say to get them?	Not true There is very little data to support that mammography increases the risk of breast cancer, and if they do, that risk is very low compared to the improvement seen in outcome by detecting cancer early. Several studies confirm the survival benefit if screening mammography. However, you are only 24 and shouldn't be getting mammograms for many years.
1574755	Hi. Taking birth control. Last pill was onTuesday period didn't come I'm not pregnant for sure.  When can I start the next pack?	Stay on schedule. Stay on schedule. Start your next pack when you are supposed to. Any spotting would be considered your period. If there is any question of pregnancy, which you say there is not, you can check a test.
688588	16f.167-130lbs since oct on restrictive diet.Dizzy, eyes black over when standing, sudden nausea/vomiting.Headache sweaty tired.1200cal/day.Tingly body?	Why??? Why the restricitve diet? Are you trying to become a jockey? Or a fashion model? Sounds very unhealthy. .. And yes i beleive your symptoms may well be caused by resrtictive calories etc. Etc.
694483	My hip pops every time i move my knee towards my chest and down. Any ideas? It's a painful deep pop.	Let me explain Snapping hip syndrome, sometimes called dancer's hip, is a condition in which you hear a snapping sound or feel a snapping sensation in your hip when you walk, run, get up from a chair, or swing your leg around, usually is not paifull. When become painful we think about inside the joint problems.
6660566	I thinking I have carpal tunnel. Wrist hurts into hand and numbness into fingers what can I do?	Carpal Tunnel Consult an Orthopedic specialist.
246157	What can I do to treat fatigue, leg weakness, headaches?	Cause of headache Many possibilities. Help for you depends on what is causing the headaches. Please give much more information so we can help you.
1367464	Headache R side parietal area Q2wks; worse n morning/laying down; vomiting; blind spot in R eye; labs wnl;MRI scheduled. B tumor? IICP? hydrocephalous	Migraine This is migraine; some tips: sleep hygiene = 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep every night. Smoking cessation. Adequate hydration, at least 64 ounces of water each day. Moderation of caffeine intake, less than 5 cups coffee per day. Stress reduction. Riboflavin 400 mg/day, and/or magnesium oxide 400-800 mg/day. Yoga, gentle stretching, massage, meditation. Hope this helps, good luck!
533824	I have a horrible sore throat!  it feels dry and hurts very badly to swallow. I also have mucus congestion and when i cough my pain increases?	Pharyngitis or worse You may have a viral pharyngitis, bacterial pharyngitis, or tonsillitis. The inflammation in the back of the throat can make it sensitive so that coughing makes it hurt more. Get it checked out by a physician to better determine what it is and to appropriately treat it.
1506866	I have lupus. Recent macro UA was normal except 2-5 RBC in urine.Norm is 0-2.  Was diagnosed w/interstitial cystitis 20 yrs ago.Blood likely from IC?	Not relevant That minimal RBC count means absolutely nothing.
1358969	Can I be pregnant??? 2 months ago I had a miscarriage I been feeling dizzy and nauseas and throwing up at night only and in the day tired and sleepy!!	Possibly pregnant You can be pregnant agian. The only way to know is to check a pregnancy test.
812897	Please tell what to avoid I have very itchy skin all over my body worse on my face my eyes neck & behind ears.	Dermatologist Generalized itching may be due to a systemic disease. Please see dermatologist.
549822	I have a knee joint issue from doing squats. How can I prevent further injury?	Avoidance You should avoid the exercise that caused the injury. However, once healed you may be able to return to the exercise with caution.
40124	How could HPV or genital warts be avoided?	Genital Warts Genital warts are caused by the human papillomavirus (hpv), which is a sexually transmitted disease. Genital warts are small, flesh-colored bumps that can appear on both female and male genitalia. While abstaining from sex is the only 100% effective way to prevent the spread of genital warts.
40125	How could you get HPV or genital warts?	Sexual contact These are sexually transmitted diseases.
753227	Ovulated 2 weeks ago had clear oil breast discharge without stimulation n also increase in CM creamy n headaches n cramps in belly am i pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
6791588	I have a tender red bump on my scalp with a small yellow scab-like thing in middle. Is this normal? Not recall hitting head. Clear skin check in Jan	Infected cyst? Infected cyst or hair follicle iikely. If large see a doc. If very small try a spot of bacitracin after cleaning it with mild soap and water. Hot compresses for 30 minutes can help. If it is larger than a pea in size, get seen. Don't pop it, you can cause the infection to spread. If it hurts more, or you have fever, or it rapidly increases in size, go to ER.
6674759	Achy pain in ovary,stomach bloating,lower back aching, constipation, random sharp abs pains,breast swollen,pregnancy test negative,possibility of pregnancy, increased urination, weight gain.	Todd suspect pregnancy inded. Repeat test in a few day
1499398	Will untreated orchitis cause atrophy if under two month timespan?It was bacterial. Was given wrong antibiotics.(nitrofurantoin)Was not uti/std.tested	Atrophy doubtful if infection responded to all antibiotic therapy. It is possible to have some testicular scarring from the infection. Atrophy might result from a very longstanding infection.
1155391	Can i be misguided in treating tennis elbow and now suffering from loose bodies in elbow or osteochondritis? I had 4 cortisone inj in 2 years to elbow	You can have... Not sure about your specific treatment but patients can have osteochondritis dissecans of the elbow w/ secondary loose body formation that will require arthroscopy. .. As well as 'tennis elbow'... They can co-exist .Best of luck!
1314460	Can you tell me about early diagnosis and treatment to ankylosing spondylitis?	See details Early diagnosis depends on a clinical picture consistent with the diagnosis and usually a positive blood test for the HLA-B27 antigen. X rays are often normal early in the disease but an MRI of the sacroiliac joints may show early erosive changes.
583235	I was in ER yesterday heart enzymes good all blood work good but I have nausea and dizziness that won't go away?	See U r MD See md.
621543	So I take a lot of meds cymbalta tramadol naproxin amyatriplyne cyclobentaprine gabapention to name a few. Could I have serotonin syndrome?	Polypharmacy alert! You need to check the spelling of medications you use; learn both the trade name and the generic versions. A pharmacy dispensed Clomiphene to my patient instead of what was prescribed, clomipramine, it went undetected for three months. Her ovaries were 3x normal size, hormones were off the chart and she thought she was going insane! remember "kiss"? Serotonin syndrome is a serious risk! google it!
849175	Niece has mrsa. I'm 18 weeks pregnant. Contact with her ok or no contact. Her most recent staph infection was within past week. Want to visit 7/4.	OK There is MRSA randomly in your surroundings daily. A patient that has been identified and treated is actually less likely to "expose" you than you are to be exposed randomly. This is not e.Bola virus or the plague, although the press often plays it up to be.Normal hygeinc practices limit your risk of acquiring it.
330575	Is it possible to have Lyme go undignosed  for a long time& evolve into MS ? I've tested positive for both.	Yes Chronic lyme disease infecting the central nervous system can present with symptoms and MRI results that look just like ms. I know some authorities who feel about half of those diagnosed with ms actually have lyme. If you have tested positive for lyme i would try aggressive treatment of it; we have far better treatments for lyme than ms and ms treatments can aggravate lyme. See my comment:.
6614435	Can non dislocated fracture of coccyx trigger delayed neuralgia in neck and skull? injured beg November, neuralgia stared end Dec. Tks.	Highly unlikely There is virtually no chance that the neuralgic pains you're feeling from December in the neck or the "skull" as you put it have anything to do with the coccygeal fracture. It would be kinda like finding a Polar Bear sunbathing in the Amazon Rain Forest! Totally WRONG location! Nice thing about fractures is that PAIN marks the spot...like the X on a treasure map! Anything else is "fool's gold!"
285620	What could cause warm, itchy, red breasts while pregnant?	Hormones Sometimes hormonal changes.
1546282	Abnormal urine epithelial cell large number of urine bacteria hyaline cast high & mixed flora of 3 oraganisms. What does this mean? How do I treat it?	Ti is probably not a good urine specimen and is contaminated (not a clean catch) with the large amount of epithelial cells and multiple organisms. You need a better quality specimen to be tested.
1289131	Hi, this are the symptoms i've been having for a few days now :  sharp stomach pain, nausea, heart pain and bloating .	?what's "heart pain" Pain is a warning sign, so your symptoms signal a problem. How serious the problem and what organ(s) is(are) involved will be determined by appropriate medical evaluation--see your doctor. In the meantime, if you're taking nsaid's (aleve, advil)--discontinue them now, since you may be describing early signs of an ulcer and these drugs may be a contributant. What do you mean by "heart pain?".
675656	What is the best treatment I have small cell lung cancer that has spread to the brain I have ten tumors what are my best options?	See University MD You should speak to your oncologist. Ask if he or she is aware of any new protocols at a university setting that you might be a candidate for. Good luck and best wishes.
484809	I had unproctective sex a week ago & my vagina has been itchy burning & I have little red bumps inside in my vulva & i started my period what can it b?	Not sure Need to see your ob/gyn to r/o std.
547398	I have an upset stomach diarrhea headache and dizziness when i wake up?	How long? Sounds like an intestinal flu bug. Upset stomach, diarrhea lead to dehydration. This can make you feel lightheaded and give you a headache. Drink plenty of fluids, something like gatorade may help the most. If this has been going on for a while you may need further evaluation by your internist.
1364445	I took a yeast infection pill 3 days ago and now I have white chunky discharge , is this normal ?	Not truly normal Possibly you still have the yeast infection. Tough to tell though on the computer. Get a vaginal exam and be properly diagnosed and treated, best wishes.
347640	I have no odor just white discharge itching burning a little n painful intercourse. No chance in STD could it be a yeast infection?	It could be It could be a yeast infection. However, you can't be sure it's not an std if you are sexually active. I would recommend having it checked out by your doctor. If it's a yeast infection, it's fairly easy to treat.
1100303	My doctor told me i got a vaginal infection  from being on antibiotics this past month.... Do I have a yeast infection or bacterial vaginosis?	Most likely yeast Yeast infection commonly occurs after antibiotics.
993766	Left breast swollen and sore for two months.Armpit swollen to.Drs can't figure out y.Breast ultrasound normal.What's wrong and what's next?	?mild mastitis Could be mild mastitis, not seen on ultrasound. Continue to get evaluated by your dr. And possibly lab work to assure not infectious (cbc, etc), warm compresses and empiric treatment with antibiotics may do the trick, but you need your dr. To evaluate you and decide on best course after examining you. Good luck.
643963	Wife with horrible sore throat, followed large mass growing left side of neck under chin and up to ear. Hard to touch.  Painful! no food for 3 days?	Emergency See doctor for diagnosis and treatment.
1578329	Hi doctor, i periodically take ibuprofen with famotidine so as to ease my period cramps and there has been no problems, however, recently, i've been prescribed mefenamic acid(i've both 250mg & 500mg) and i only know it's an NSAID but not sure if i can tak	Use it as you are using ibuprofen now. ...there should be NO difference! Hope this helps Dr Z
793801	I went to see the surgeon that operated on my knee after i had surgery and a new MRI and it showed a displacement of meniscus root but doctor said no?	Discrepancy Sometimes surgeons and radiologists lack consistency with their diagnoses. Surgeons have the luxury of evaluating patients clinically. The surgeon may agree with the picture the radiologist is looking at, but your chief complaint may not match your physical exam findings. That is potentially why you see a discrepancy between the two disciplines.
1198362	Had my first genital herpes outbreak recently,  cleared up now thanks to medication, but still itchy? Thrush (as i'm prone) or to do with herpes?	Herpes simplex Without an exam impossible to know, but yeast infection usually accompanied by discharge and/or a rash, whereas herpes can sometimes present with itching which is a subliminal form of pain.
1405067	Tongue swollen, sore jaw hurts, dont know why. acute pain inner tongue area near throat, swollen lymph nodes?	Strep, or other Lots of things drain into the lymph nodes of the neck. Everything from wisdom tooth infection to sinus to tonsillar infection. Start with a trip to your family doctor. Then maybe an ENT or dentist. But this could be something simple. Don't delay.
601588	I found out that I have a cyst on my ovary. Will doing sit ups or running or sleeping on my stomach rupture it or make it worse?	Possibly Occasionally being active such as running, jumping or intercourse can cause an ovarian cyst to rupture. If a cyst leaks or ruptures it causes significant pain. I normally don't restrict activity in my patients with cysts unless they are having pain.
620416	With the blood in my urine there is pain in lower abdomen, blood in urine was tested , no sign of bladder infection. What could this be?	Blood in urine You could be passing a stone.
1593836	I think i have a bad uti. having extreme burning sensation urinating and after and constant burn . Have little blood after wiping. Can I go to dr tomo?	Yes please have a urine test as soon as possible, tomorrow should be fine unless you are having fever, vomiting, abdominal pain, in which case you should go now
864894	I had protected sex twice 2 days after ovulation.  From what my eye could see no visual rips or tears. Preg? Cramps , sore breast. Period on 16 or 18?	How to get pregnant? In my health class, to get pregnant, a female had to be on her ovulation day or just before her ovulation day and then also be exposed to fresh semen. Protected sex means a condom was on the penis and there was no deposit of fresh semen in the vagina. Thus, am i missing something? You cannot be pregnant.
1166111	Crack in elbow/shoulder while arm wrestling, what is this?	Fracture. It could be a fracture of the upper arm bone. We had a patient in a few months ago, who ended up with a fractured humerus ( arm bone) from arm wrestling.
1389215	I just got my allegry since on june 2012. it wont stop my nose still running and sneeze. can u please help me to stop this?	Go to the Doctor Perhaps you misunderstand the purpose of Health Tap. But, we do not diagnose or treat the patient. We are here to answer questions. You have a condition that requires a visit to your physician. There are prescription medications that will help you solve this problem.
818808	I had ANA 1:160+ , ESR 29 CRP 0.1 autoantibodies show ssa of 8 (0-40 is neg) and scl-70 ENA ab of 3 (0-40 is neg) wouldn't this be scleroderma? Not lupus? Why would lupus patient have scl-70 markers?	Antibodies & disease Healthy people may have low level antibodies. That's why there is a range of normal from 0 to 40 in this case. Low levels (negative) antibodies doesn't mean you have the disorder. There are criteria for diagnosis of each rheumatologic disorder. That said, there are also overlap syndromes like mixed connective tissue disease that can have features of several conditions. Talk to your rheumatologist.
373086	Have pain in back and left knee had a MRI on back it says disk degenerate disease in L4 L5 I am on pain management i still have a lot of pain don't sleep well, can only lay on my left side cause if i sleep any other way i get parylized. My left knee gives	The The nerves from our spine run down our legs, so the pain in your leg may be related to your spinal pain. Having your leg go out and having difficulty walking are very serious symptoms and must have a complete evaluation. It might be reasonable to get another opinion on your MRI since your symptoms are so severe. Please have evaluation by a neurosurgeon for your symptoms. If you develop weakness or changes in bladder or bowel control, you need to be evaluated emergently.
769079	Symptoms: headache , burning sensation in face, metal taste in mouth , heartburn , neck is stiff, nausea, red eyes, facial pain, dizziness , ?	Need evaluation See your MD. He/she will examine, run tests and perhaps refer.
1347847	Pinched Ulner nerve. Doing activity with arm, feel weak @ bicep and chest tightness occurs. Doctor ruled out heart issue. Can a pinch nerve cause this	No An ulnar nerve compression can cause weakness in the arm but not in the biceps. It will not cause chest symptoms.
869676	What can you take for gas/bloating/upset stomach that doesn't have a lot of sodium like an antacid (alka seltzer etc) for those w/ kidney disease?	Mylanta Mylanta and Maalox Plus are acceptable. tums are acceptable;
319415	I have bumps on both sides of my tongue and now  I have bumps on the back of my throat which is also sore and my ears hurt! what can it be?	Viral ulcers Most episodes of tongue and throat ulcers are the result of a viral infection, which can produce a larger outbreak if the body's immune system is weakened from chronic illness, stress, or sleep-deprivation. The ear pain is referred from the throat. Recurrent episodes of mouth ulcers may be due to an inflammatory condition called bechet's.
1244758	I've had on/off fever for months, but now it's been 11 days w/o relief with aleve/tylenol. Begins a few hours after i wake and i feel terrible. Ideas?	See below With these prolonged complaints and symptoms i think it would be imperative to get a thorough comprehensive medical and physical examination to see what's going on with you. . Good luck thank you.
6770949	I've been having headaches in the upper back part of my head and in the lower back of my head. Mainly on the right side. The pain can go into my neck as well. I've had minor pain above my eye occasionally with the headaches.	Muscle pain Thes muscle that comes up from the neck over the scalp then attaches also above the eye which is why you may be having pain behind the eye. Try to do some neck stretching and even a massage with focus on the neck will help!
1038621	Im 17 having jaw pain over 9 weeks moms a dentist says its TMJ due to stress but she never looks at my jaw had wisdom teeth out already hurt to open.	Systematically Somethings get better if not under stress somethings always hurt. Muscles pulling on your jaw can lead to pain at the point where they attach to the bone. Inflammation type pain responds to anti inflammatory drugs like aspirin, ibuprofen or naproxen. If there is an ebb and subsiding of the pain on different days and times II probably is due to stress. Constant pain more likely is infection.
1137518	Can you tell me if herpes zoster (zona) can lead to HSV (herpes simplex virus)?	No Herpes zoster and herpes simplex are 2 different viruses.
1265081	How do I find what's the difference between a mole, skin tag, and cancer?	A biopsy A skin tag tends to look like a grainof rice or small tag coming from the skin they are no cancerous more common in overweight persons with redundant folds of skin the neck and axilla are common places. A mole is a growth of cells on the skin normally bening but some can change and that is why you should see a dermatologist. Moles tend to be round smoothed walled and ma have hairs.
6667512	The edge of my upper eyelid is a bid swollen. I don't know if it is because of my allergies or a blocked oil gland. My eye Is itchy and sometimes hurt?	Hordeolum A stye(hordeolum)occurs rather suddenly(MayB from rub). It is a blocked oil gland(s) of the eyelid. It can become secondarily infected and can spread to adjacent tissues leading to cellulitis. Most of these styes respond to very warm compresses 3-4 times/day for 10' followed by gentle massage with a washcloth containing a small amount of baby shampoo. After a week, the stye should nearly resolve.
331487	I had my gallbladder removed ~6 months ago. Recently have been having severe abdo cramps , nausea, chronic diarrhoea (last 6 months) what should I do?	Bile acids Diarrhea and irritable bowel type symptoms are common after a gallbladder surgery. Bile acids normally stored by the gallbladder can cause these symptoms. There are medication you can take to control them. These symptoms usually will resolve overtime.
6698160	I have pigmentation from scars on the back of one shoulder, I've used acne soaps and ointment (OTC). I'd like to have the scars removed and any acne.	Acne scars You need to see a dermatologust. Good luck
991949	Hello i've been having a reoccurring problem not sure what is causing it, involving sulfur burps, diarrhea, bloating, and nausea, what could this be?	GI problem You symptoms may be caused by a variety of reasons. Celiac disease may be a cause .Food, milk or fructose intolerance may all be causes. A peptic ulcer or gerd may also be responsible. You need to be evaluated by a gastroenterologist.
238961	I get annual mammograms but don't do a monthly exam as my breasts are lumpy .  Would an ultrasound  be useful?  Should I be checking  them monthly?	Yes and no I am glad you are getting your annual mammography. That's the best screening tool available at the present time. Breast self examination on a monthly basis is generally recommended but there are conflicting reports if it can lower the mortality rate from breast cancer. However there are many women who have presented with breast cancer that they have discovered by self exams. Ultrasound is very helpful to assess breast lumps, abnormal shadows on a mommogram or generally lumpy breasts. A clinical breast exam also needs to be done annually (or more frequently if needed) even if your mammogram is reported normal.
6776943	If I already have hsv1 orally for over a year and I make out with a guy and then he gives me unprotected oral sex.  Can I get hsv1 genitally now?  I am honestly freaking out now.	There is a chance If you are are experiencing an oral breakout and in a contagious stage, kiss him, then have him perform oral sex on you then it is possible to contract HSV1 genitally. All the herpes viruses are similar to each other and can occur in areas where they traditionally do not. Fortunately medications are available that can help control breakouts. Ask your doctor about Valtrex
1181839	High b/p swollen glands&tonsils chesty mucus cough sore throat blocked nose went docs thursday now tuesday said take ibuprofen & paracetamol no help !	Swollen glands See a doctor to get checked out for a strep throat as well as bronchitis. You may need sn antibiotic.
388761	My husband has a rash or hives all over his face, back and chest.  He is a diabetic and has had ramsey hunt syndrome.  He is not in pain but is really red and itches.  Should be go to ER because the dr's office is closed or will benedryl help if it doesn'	Many possibilities There are many things that could cause a skin rash. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, sun exposure, insect bites, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
959864	I had a complete thyroidectomy on 5/31/13. Since then I have been experiencing muscle cramps in my chest , underneath my breasts , abdomen and  thumbs?	See your Dr You should see your endocrinologist and make sure all your levels are good - especially your thyroid and parathyroid.
287842	I had a fever and sore throat with bloody sputum for a week now I have a itchy rash and my hands feet and face are swollen and hurt to move what is it?	See doctor It could be a bacterial infection (strep?), residua of a viral infection, allergic reaction, or other. See your doctor for proper diagnosis and treatment.
1122300	Sore gums& i mean swollen and puffy. Never had anything like this before.Wiped off my teeth what looked like mucus, and now I have bumps on my tongue.	Multiple symptoms The bumps on your tongue are probably normal taste buds but have to be seen to confirm that. You will need to see a dentist anyway in order to diagnose what's causing your swollen gums.
848553	Having pressure in head. Maybe headache. Idk.  Diaherra. Light headed. Dizzy. Shakes. Loss of appetite. This be caffine withdrawals? As i cut down big	Yup Could be caffeine withdrawal. Headaches can be pretty bad. Sometimes it's best to allow wean down from caffeine.
946773	How long does it take for a knee cap bruise to heal?	Variable Assuming fracture has been ruled out can take several weeks to heal a bruise.
678321	I have a swelling on the left side of my rib cage, at the same time I have frozen shoulder, was massage on the back spinal cord area. What causes it?	Rib cage swelling There may be many different reasons why you have swelling around your rib cage. Possible causes include, but are not limited to: rib contusion, rib fracture, costochondritis, shingles, and intercostal neuritis. I would seek a formal evaluation from a qualified medical professional - especially if your swelling is associated with chest pain and/or associated skin lesions.
6738788	When I am sleeping I wake up because I feel my throat closing and can't breathe. I do snore. It never happens when I elevate my head while sleeping. ?	Sleep Apnea You should have a sleep study performed and check for sleep apnea. The airway obstructs during sleep. Weight loss can help get rid of it or you can be prescribed a machine to help you breathe better (CPAP machine).
6640979	What does it mean if I constantly need to crack my knee, by squatting/extending, to relieve discomfort? Recently prescribed a heel wedge for that leg.	Not leg length this can be cartilage - there are different types of cartilage in the knee. This could be due to grinding of the kneecap- called chrondromalacia patella. In the knee there is also meniscus cartilage that can slip or be torn. Finally there is cartilage at the end of the bones of the knee that can be injured by arthritis like Rheumatoid arthritis or osteoarthritis. Your physician will help clarify
1465773	Had red blood,  black stool 3 weeks ago for 3 days.  Had hemiglobin and occult test 2 days ago and all normal.  This does mean I have no colon cancer?	GI consult, EGD Limited data available as reported. Colon cancer is rare at such an young age. Bright red blood usually from lower GI tract, or hemorrhoids, fissure etc. However black stoll is concerning for upper GI bleed. Need a GI/Gastroenterology evaluation, EGD/upper endoscopy, H Pylori testing, Upper GI series etc. contact PCP for GI referral. Go to a health tap doctor for a formal consult with more details
1469486	Diagnosed with dislocated knee, was immobilized now PT.  Having sharp pain below the knee almost in shin, some swelling, knee cap very loose. Worried?	Varies If when you say you dislocated your knee, you mean you dislocated your knee cap (patella), then it is often associated with a tear in the medial retinaculum. It can often heal on its own or with physical therapy. Rarely, surgery is needed.
1119612	I had a inguinal hernia repair with mesh exactly 3 weeks ago, is it normal for swollen testicle on the same side of repair? 3 weeks?	Little bit of Swelling is normal at this stage, but show it to your surgeon just to be sure.
855568	I have developed a sudden allergy to alcohol. Around three months later i noticed a painful lump in my left arm need my elbow that went away in a week?	See your Dr and get A comprehensive exam including liver function and blood count. U may be developing withdrawal symptoms to alcohol. Have that lump reexamined to be sure it's not a tumor. Hope u quit drinking alcohol for good. Take care! http://www.M.Webmd.Com/a-to-z-guides/alcohol-withdrawal-symptoms-treatments.
360789	Joints in my hands and feet lock up like a long charlie-horse. I have pain and weakness but am only 28! had a +ana . Rheumatoid arthritis?  Mom has it	very possible It is hereditary and with what you are describing this is very possible. Ra does affect female patients in their 2nd and 3rd decade of life so you fit into that category as well. I would see a rhuematologist for more blood work and definite diagnosis if you have not done so already.
111721	I have itchy elbows, red with white bumps and scaliness. What is the best ointment/treatment?	Psoriasis From your description and location sounds like psoriasis which responds to steroid creams and ointments prescribed by your doctor.
628878	My husband ejaculated his sperms into my vagina but after 2-3mins i can feel the sperms out from my vagina. Why ? Any prob to get pregnant ?	Don't worry It is not at all unusual for semen to seep from the vagina. That should not be a problem. If you don't want this rapid a seepage, you may elect to lie down for a while.
692087	I had a tubal ligation but I have had morning sickness, breast tenderness for the last eight days. I'm on my period but it's light. Can i be pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
6752312	16yo girl. Two pebble sized lumps on back of neck, growing in size, and have been there for a week. Have been suffering dizziness, nausea, vomiting, and headaches. Any ideas??	Likely a lymph node There are a number of lymph nodes scattered around the back of the head and neck where they are easily found. At rest they may be the size of a pea and when stimulated they are often bean sized or larger.Size often changes over weeks ; often reflects bug bits, skin rashes or throat irritation, it is not likely related to headaches, nausea or dizziness. Your doc can confirm this.
212705	While waiting several weeks to get into a hand specialist , what should I do to alleviate the morning extreme pain and stiffness in my fingers?  Been tested for ra. If tendons should I wear wrist guard? Already tried voltaren gel.	Stretch Do the "fist hand - flat hand" exercise. 1st open all your fingers until your hand fits flat on a table. Use your other hand to firmly press down to flatten your hand. 2nd make a fist as tight as you can, using your other hand to help. Do it for 1 minute in each position. Push hard enough to cause some tolerable pain. Repeat 5 times. You will note less "pain-of-stiffness" each time. Do 12 per day.
1352635	Abdominal pain constant, like labour but not pregnant, ongoing period (5months of bleeding) ovarian cyst found, possible causes of pain?	Abdominal pain It sounds like a gynecological cause from what you described, but based on the information you provided, the exact cause cannot be determined. Plausible causes may include endometriosis, anovulation, endometrial hyperplasia, malignancy, etc. More investigations are needed, possible biopsy, hormonal work up, etc.
503052	Constant dizzy spells especially upon standing & palpitations! ekgs. Holter monitors, heart ultra sound and 30 day event monitor all norm. ?!?	See below Did they check orthostatic blood pressures - e. g. Does your blood pressure drop when you stand up? That would explain your symptoms and may be a sign of endocrine disease. Good luck!
1080880	I've got a filling with a gap that gets swollen and sensitive sometimes but i can't afford a dentist. Anything i can do?	No Swelling is sign of infection. You need to see a dentist. There's no otc remedy for neglect. Investing in your health may be more cost effective than the cost of computer equipment and internet access. Talk to your dentist about an extended payment plan or about contacting a 3rd party to finance treatment. They'll be glad to help you.
992415	I had been wiping the wrong way and developed a vaginal discharge before i ever had sex and tested positive for chlamydia, what could be the cause?	Chlamydia Chlamydia is an std. It is only transmitted sexually. It does not just appear out of no where. It does not come from the rectum or stool or the bacteria that line the GI tract. It is an std.
1181784	My knee around my scar is red, very tender, painful to bend and hot to the touch, one dr said it was a bruise is this true. ?	Could be infected Depends on how recent scar is and if there has been any history of trauma. But if the scar is from recent surgery i would definitely get someone to look at it to rule out infection.
1264144	Tested positive for 2nd time ANA 1:160 centromere on 3/4 n 4/5. Tested neg 4  sl-70. What additional test can be done to rule out crest/scleroderma?	See details You keep asking the same question over and over again. There is no additional testing. You either have clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis or you do not. If you do not, then you do not have the diagnosis.
813252	I hav 2strands of hair coming from a single hair folicule  on my legs arm. Underarms and back could this be causeing the numerous cyst or boils i get?	Cysts Cysts usually start from a clogged hair follicle. The dead skin and oil have nowhere to go, so the follicle swells and fills up with the matetial. These are harmless, although they can rupture under the skin resulting in inflammation, pain, tenderness, and possible drainage.
149389	Is it unusual to not have a fine needle biopsy of breast before surgery?	Yes A needle biopsy should be performed prior to surgery. This can be done with a core needle or a fine needle in an office setting. The procedure takes less than 15 minutes. A diagnosis can be made and will allow proper planning for the surgery. Skipping this step causes scarring and more tissue is removed than may be necessary. If biopsy shows a non-cancerous mass, then surgery may be avoided.
103865	Is it sinus, migraine, vertigo, or something else when you are congested, with headache and a bit dizzy?	See you doctor Both headache and dizziness can be signs of something serious and should be evaluated by a professional. I can't answer further without more information such as where is the headache located, have you had headaches in the past, do you suffer from cluster headache, etc. In sum, see you doctor.
1055181	Please tell me, could a person have both essential tremors + parkinson's?	Yes Parkinson's is said to be slightly more common in those who already have familial tremor, though this may be an artifact.
1037590	Bloated, cystitus, nausea, dizziness, spotting a day after ovulation, unprotected sex nearly 2 weeks ago, could this be signs of pregnancy?	pregnancy? Unlikely to due to pregnancy. Perform a home pregnancy test and see you family doctor.
872406	What causes tingling in face and mouth as well as arms but doesn't cause numbness. Also dry mouth. I'm not anxious. And no numbness at all.	? nerve compression Not sure, but you may have problems with your neck, which the MRI should show. Also, on BP meds, dry mouth, are you snoring?, have you gained wt? This is not easy to answer but certainly deserves to be evaluated with a good history and pe to start.
689391	I have been having lower abdominal pain and diarrhea.  In my last 3 bowel  movements there's blood. What should I do?	Be seen Serious symptoms and several treatable possibilities. ? Foreign travel, other illnesses? Colonoscopy, and stool exams are relevant .
320836	I have a small bruise on the side of my right knee. It is painful and looks like a blood clot. I have needle prick sensations on  right side of body. ?	See doc See your doctor to find out exact cause then it can be treated.
1016849	Does chlamydia feel like a yeast infection or uti?	Chlamydia Probably more like a UTI since it presents usually presents as a urethritis. Untreated, many complications could manifest.
717048	My breasts are sore off and on i missed my Depo-Provera shot in march I've had unprotected sex and i been on my cycle for two wks. What is this	Pregnancy? Since you had unprotected sex, have an odd period and were due for a depo shot in march, you might be pregnant. Check a home pregnancy test to be sure. If negative have your gyn check you out.
1359170	What could cause sharp shooting pain on left side of chest followed by weakness and palpitations(mild)? On meds. for UC and sacroillitis.	Chest wall or intern There are a lot of reasons as to why you might have chest pain both surface and internal. Your physician will assess your lungs your heart your ribs and your chest wall
493772	Confusion: some doctors say that a pregnant test would give an accurate result no matter what time of day vs. 1st morning urine. Isn't hCG present anyway?	Concentration Concentration in urine causes test to turn positive at earlier time. Late pregnancy positive at any time.
989547	Have peeling skin on my hands for a few weeks, now its starting on my feet. I had a bad sunburn few monthes ago. Any idea why my skins peeling?	See Dermatologist.
1338041	Does lupus medicine make you depressed. I cry every night always mad. My attitude is a mess. Can't hold a conversation without getting mad.	Need specifics What meds do you mean? The disease and your reaction to it are more likely causes than meds.
1549627	Headache burning scalp vertigo crawling feeling on head and face fatigue itching?	Neuritis Your symptoms of facial and head pain seem to be what we would expect when a nerve root were trapped somewhere in the trajectory between its exit from the spinal cord to the end organ (skin of the face). Filling out a headache diary would be a useful thing to do. If you'd like one that I have designed for my headache clinic all you need do is ask.
1039536	My 11 year old daughter has constant gas, bloating, stomach cramps and diarrhea...Could this be an intolerance to dairy?	Could be She could be lactose intolerant. Try keeping an eye on her and see how long it takes to react and if she even reacts.
1046637	What could this be? F, age 37. Wbc: 6.8, rbc: 4.79, hb: 11.5, hct: 37.1, mcv:78, mch: 24, mchc: 31, rdw: 17.2, fe: 36. Bone loss, hair loss, seizure.	Deficiency Nutritional deficiencies. Protein, iron , b12/folate. Hormonal issues involving pituitary, more detailed info needed to be precise. See pmd.
281440	I have right pain in upper and lower abdomen with bloating , diarrhea, and frequent urination.  Ct scan came out ok.  What could it be?	See a gastroenterolo If the cat scan is normal and pain and diarrhea is persisting consult a gastroenterologist, as you may have inllammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, parasitic infestation like giardia or ameba if you have travelled abroad, lactose intolerance etc. You also need a blood test for celiac disease, diabetes mellitus etc.
697908	Can i take fluticasone nasal spray, fexofenadine, & diphenhydramine at the same time?  My sinuses are really bothering me.	Allergy meds You can take fluticasone and fexofenadine but adding Diphenhydramine will not add much control to your symptoms, you need a nasal antihistamine, ask your doctor for a prescription or consult an allergist for all your options.
1225974	Lower right abdominal pain for 2 weeks.Nausea, vomiting, lost of appetite, trouble moving and sleeping + walking straight. Fever. What to do now?	Appendicitis Sounds like appendicitis. Go to see a dr now. If it is appendicitis probably ruptured and is walled off. Make sure you are not pregnant ( ectopic pregnancy ). If neither then is probably regional enteritis. In any case you need to see a dr. Asap.
327671	If i wad at the hospital and had blood work, urine and a CT scan would they have seen kidney failure? They only told me it was an infection	Yes Kidney failure is diagnosed through lab studies. Blood tests are usually enough.
6666386	I have had consistent pain in my abdomen for two weeks. Intense bloating. Constipation. Nausea on and off. No fever. Now I have a LOT of pain in ribs?	Nonspecific Your symptoms don't point towards a single diagnosis. There are many possibilities, with the likely scenario not being dangerous. Since the symptoms are bad enough, make an appointment with your primary care provider ASAP. If you can stay hydrated and are not running fevers, probably ok to wait until Monday. If not, head to urgent care or ER. Hope this helps!
486983	Son has white spots on hands and fingers for about month. Now itchy rash on arms legs?	Itchy White Spots This sounds like something known as dyshidrotic eczema, but without a picture or more description of the rash, it's hard to know. Would check with a dermatologist.
6632628	I've had bloodshot eyes for 3 weeks now, slight head pressure and bad fatigue 24/7. It was treated for a week as sinus infection with no improvement.	Depends Red eye can be due to multiple causes. If you have redness associated with pain. Light sensitivity and vision problem it could be inflammation. If associated with cold and some discharge its viral conjunctivitis. Allergic conjunctivitis ass with itch and swelling. Pls see an ophthalmologist.
486986	Why would i be really dizzy when i wake up and vomit, then start my period a few days later 15 days early. And my lower back hurt with movement?	Difficult You may have very bad bleeding, creating an anemia and thus dizziness. Your back pain may be due to vomiting or the period. By itself, feeling dizzy and vomiting are likely unrelated to the early period in any reasonable way i can imagine. I could be wrong but if still having symptoms see a doctor.
1321108	Throbbing and dull ache appr. 3 in. above elbow on the inside of the arm has moved up the arm and now is in the armpit and shoulder can this be serios?	Several possibilitie If you are taking a cholesterol medicine like statin, then it may be a medication side effect. If you have risk factors for heart disease, such as tobacco use, high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol, and family history along with a sudden onset of pain, then you may need to be checked out at the ER. If you have been lifting heavy objects recently, the pain may be due to muscle pull.
6778342	I'm 19 had IBS after huge stress/anxiety, now it's been 4 months and had medicines but nothing, I'm fatigued, little dizzy and have headaches, also panic attacks. I exercise but not outgoing anymore..	Panic &amp; IBS are not fun and can be related. Stay close to your doc and see a clinical psychologist who specializes in anxiety disorders. They are very treatable. See www.relaxationresponse.org Peace and good health.
6762088	Hi Doctor, Last week I had protected sexual intercourse with two female prostitutes, I noticed my throat is kinda sore but I got no fever risk of HIV?	Truly protected? Provided no leak in the condom, you would more likely have caught a cold from them than HIV.
1322710	I have had an ear infection for one week I have antibiotics but i can hear a fizzing sound in my ear.. what should I do? is it an infection or ear wax	Decongestant Cannot tell what you have without examining you, but you might try a decongestant before going back to your doctor for repeat exam.
6666397	33 days since the start of last period. Have history of pid and ovarian cysts. Took pregnancy test on day 32 with negative results. What to do??	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
406691	Yesterday i had diarrhea and my last bowel movement there was bright red blood in the toilet I am not having any stomach problems and am eating normally , also im not losing weight or anything last night what the first time I have seen this in my stool an	Hello. Hello. First, i would like to let you know that even a few drops of blood can mix with water and give the appearance of a lot of bleeding. There are many possible causes for blood in stool - polyps, internal hemorrhoids, external hemorrhoids, anal fissures, fistulas, and sometimes the rectum or anus can get raw from liquid diarrhea. If this continues you should be evaluated to determine the cause.
822389	What causes a dull ache in right leg?  I broke my right femur a few years ago.  Consistent pain in knee since break and now the dull ach.	Possible scar tissue From the injury. Some people get pains with the weather but some have constant pain. As long as your doctor is aware of this and says it is ok then you can just take nsaids or aspirin. If you have not told your doctor you should because constant pain is not really normal.
6655290	I have health anxiety and OCD. I feel I need to check my blood pressure and heart rate anytime something bad is on my mind. 120/80 unless panic attack?	I'm not sure about Your question?? Checking and body scanning are typical signs and symptoms of OCD that is health related and hypochondriasis. However, 120/80 is normal blood pressure, but may change after exercise, stress, and yes panic. It should recover to these levels soon after.
6714691	Ive had paraguard for about 2 yrs already and for the 1st time i am 3 weeks late. I dont have any nauseas or tender breast but do have mood swings. My sex drive has been low for the past month and asnof right now its been 2 days that ive had a UTI. I also	Discuss this You need to discuss the fact that your period is late and you are having these other symptoms with the doctor treating your UTI. The paragard is a very reliable method of contraception but, like all contraceptives, is not 100% and a pregnancy is possible but so are any number of other things. A full history, exam, and appropriate testing are needed to know what is going on. Hope this helps.
1423866	Swollen and sore breasts for about a week now.Several pregnancy test all negative.  Period is 2 weeks away.. what can be the cause?	Not pregnant There are dozens of reasons for sore breasts. You only get pregnant in a cycle during ovulation. That would mean one week ago you were unlikely to have ovulated. Testing before a fetus is fourteen days old is a complete waste of money and energy. Testing when you did is invalid. And, it also proves that your symptoms are not pregnancy related.
389965	Legs are swollen slightly and feet keep falling asleep when sitting even for a short period, no pain involved I am 56 male and am on my feet most of the day. Arthritic knees and have been doing 8 miles on stationary bike for the last 2 months 4 times a we	Clearly Clearly there are a number of medical conditions that could be responsible for this sympton=vascular concerns, kidney concerns and nutritional concerns-start by having your b 12 and vitamin d levels checked if they are normal consider additional testing ang resolution of this condition.
1415377	What happens if a patient is feeling dizzy & has a heart rate of 140, why is it important to check their blood pressure?	Low? To see if the dizziness is from low BP (not likely at that heart rate - it's not that fast).
6711066	My arm has been hurting at the elbow for 2 weeks.  It's sore/stiff,  hurting when bent or stretched.  What may have caused this, and what should I do?	Several possibled Eicondylitis, tendinitis and arthritis sre possible causes. Have the elbow evaluated if the pain persists.
6748974	Pimples on legs. Doc thought folliculitis. Script for amoxicillin. New breakouts all over skin. Had low fever, headache, sore throat. Strep test neg. ?	See a doctor Rashes are very different and require a in person evaluation to accurately diagnose and treat. I would return to the doctor who treated you so he can see the change and adjust your treatment.
6656673	I have a small lump on neck above my collar bone. Its not noticeable until lean my head to the side. Had this b4 but it was a lot bigger & noticeable?	Lymphnode This is probably an enlarged lymphnode. These drain lymph from particular areas of the body and can be enlarged if there is inflammation,infection or a cancerous process going on.You may have had an inflammation in the head and neck area causing this
506325	I had an ear infection 3 weeks ago, and I have had a swollen lump on the inside on my forarm where the crease is where the elbow bends. Gp said it was just an itch but isnt there lymph node there?	See below There are lymph nodes located on the inner (media) aspect of the forearm/elbow. There are not usually enlarged unless you had an injury on your arm lower below where the node is, however, they can be associated with other issues. I would recommend seeing your doc again for a recheck and possibly a CBC looking for abnormalities in the white cells. Good luck.
674221	I take 2x concerta 36 mg a day, what possible risks do I take with this and could this be the cause of my sleeping problem and stress ?	YES IT CAN BE Any stimulant can cause sleep disturbance, especially long acting such as concerta, the trick is to take the least amount, take weekends off, avoid caffeine and take it as early during the day as you can, you may also take melatonin at night if problem persists ot switch to strattera which is non stimulant and doesnt cause sleep problems.
1514138	Is pain still normal nine weeks after total knee replacement surgery?	Yes It varies quite a bit. Some parltients do really well even within a couple weeks of surgery, while others dolly improve over several months. If your surgeon is happy with how your knee and X-rays look, I would not be too concerned. Hopefully you will soon turn the corner and start feeling better.
832427	What's in doxycycline does it have any of the cillins in it like amoxicillin or penicillin or any of them answer asap?	No Doxycycline is an antibiotic in the tetracycline class. It has no chemical relationship to any of the penicillin drugs.
1263414	Red bumps on lip line for a while now. 2 tests done to show it's not hsv. Like acne, but redder and more painful. What is it?	?Canker sores Canker sores are not contagious. They may look like a pale or yellow ulcer with a red outer ring. You may have one, or a group of them. Women seem to get them more than men. The cause of canker sores is not clear. It may be due to: a weakness in your immune system for example, from the cold or flu , stress or lack of vitamins and minerals in the diet, including vitamin B12 or folate.
262733	Thick off white clumps in vagina? No itching/burning. No std's. Smells slightly of french fries/ wet cardboard. *not like cottage cheese.	Discharged Thick, white discharge is yeast until proven otherwise. If over the counter yeast treatment does not work, check with your doctor.
314233	I was on Depo-Provera for 5 yrs now that i'm off  i continuously  bleed and have bad cramps. How do I get pregnant after this	See your Physician This type of bleeding is most often caused by not ovulating. In this case you will need an evaluation for recommended treatment for infertility. If your concern is about the future since you are only 18, seeing your doctor now would provide help in regulating your menstrual cycles, and if you have problems in the future you can be seen for infertility.
613333	One of my moles recently started to bleed. Is that a sign of skin cancer? I'm a red head with very pale skin.	Possibly This requires evaluation by a specialist. A biopsy might be required.
1605731	I recently French kissed someone. Could chlamydia, syphilis, and/or gonorrhea been transmitted to me? Can any STDs be transmitted by saliva exchange a	Technically yes std's travel through fluids. The person in question could have transmitted gonorrhea or chlamydiabut they'd have oral infections first. Same with herpes lesion. Syphillis less likely. So to answer "could" any be transmitted? Yes. But common? No.
6794590	What are sode effects of flomax have asthma take abuterol,singulair and advair and bystolic and amolidpine?	Unlikely Interactions are highly unlikely. However, nothing is 100%. Good liuck
489602	My husband has developed really bad itchy rash all over his skin.It first started on the legs, spread to the sides of his groin n is spreading evrywhr?	Scabies? Really bad itchy rash all over the body is common in a few conditions. If the intensity of itching is high with this distribution, i would suspect scabies. Chiggers is another condition that can start with the legs and then spread. Poison ivy also can start at the legs and could be very itchy. Any of these conditions could be responsible; he needs to be seen by his doctor to make a diagnosis.
877630	Left side lower head, neck and arm pain. Sore left chest, nausea x3 weeks. Chest xray and heart & lung labs good. Nothing works please help me.....	You are In good shape if nothing is wrong with your heart or lungs. The pain could be coming from nerve irritation such as zoster, although 3 weeks is long time. Other possibiilties are referred pain from abdominal source or radiating pain from spinal cord. Your doctor should be able to help figure out this one.
994673	Make sense for an asymptomatic woman whose last sexual activity was 2 years ago to test for syphilis, gonorrhea, herpes, chlamydia just to be safe?	STD Testing Every adult should have a herpes blood test to see if they have ever been exposed to herpes. It is common during pap smears now to include gc and chlamydia testing. Then syphilis and HIV testing are based more upon sexual risks. Now then we can discuss hepatitis a, b, and c. And hpv. Every sexually active adult must ask for and get the gardisil vaccine. Their lives depend on it.
1398667	Is Fatigue, dizziness, nausea, lower back pain, mood swings and discharge  And blasting bloating common with mirena? Or could i be pregnant?	Not common With mirena but not common to be pregnant either. But possible. Check a pregnancy test. If negative get an eval to find out why you feel this way
821070	Why did a neurologist automatically assume depression, (numbness, vision problems, fuzzy memory) after negative mri? Ana positive. Gp says lupus.	See below Some of your symptoms can be seen with depression. An ANA alone is not diagnostic of lupus and are frequently false positive. You can see a rheumatologist for a second opinion.
700329	Hi doctors. How many iron pills should I take before myomectomy surgery without damaging the liver? 1 year living with 4 mnths pregnant look like fibroids	Not more than 1/day Your doc probably wants you on oral iron therapy due to anemia. Uterine fibroids can cause bleeding and so can surgery. Okay to take the prescribed or recommended amount. Don't take more than one per day. Okay to ask your doc what your anemia/blood level is before and after surgery. Good luck.
1035509	If you get throat/vaginal swabs for chlamydia and gonorrhea and it comes up negative, should you get a separate test for the rectum ?	Chlamydia This organism is an std and is usually assessed with a urethral swab. It can also infect the throat, eyes and rectum, but would be very unusual to have rectal swab positive and urethral swab negative. Discuss this with your doctor.
654792	Had many negetive GI test. Fat malabsorption/pots/no reynards syndrome no skin problems back inflammation. ? Sclerederma, ibs, ankylosing spondylitis?	Stress anxiety Are you under a lot of stress ?
700323	My husband had total knee replacement 14 years ago. It looks like his knee cap has now dislocated. Is this serious or not?	Yes Please go see an orthopedic surgeon soon.
6746602	I missed my menstruation period this month, and I am sexually active. My boyfriend and I used pull out method for two years already. I can feel pulse does that mean I am pregnant?	Unprotected sex Unprotected sex can lead to pregnancy. Get a pregnancy test if your menses is late.
1033765	I've only got the Depo-Provera shot twice i missed my third shot and have had unprotected sex since is it possible that i can get pregnant.	Yes The depo shot is only effective for about 3 months so if you have missed your shot you could become pregnant even if you have not had a period since. Most doctors will have you do a pregnancy test if you are late for your shot.
918917	I have a kidney stone on my left side + 1 fixing to come out of the kidney + a ovarian cyst on left side.I hurt real bad!why is my stomach swollen bad?	See your PCP first. Both the kidney stone descending and a swollen ovarian cyst can make your stomach bloat and will cause severe pain. You'll need to see 2 different specialists to rule this out but see your pcp first for referrals.
766060	I have a small rash ory dy itchy spot on my breast for almost two weeks it itches but bo redness or swell or pain what can I use to heal it?	Get checked for Eczema, fungal infection. There's otc cortisone and tinactin/ Lamisil cream that u may try but your dr can give u a more accurate assessment . Take care!
1293966	Can taking insulin for type 1 diabetes cause a swelling/engorging of the lymph nodes in the neck?	Insulin No, i don't think so.
1501561	Today at work I dealt with a headache for about 2 hours. At home this evening, I've felt nausea, heat in my neck and sudden lower back pain on my right side. Could this indicate anything serious? I've recently started taking birth control pills again and	Lower back Most common condition causing nausea , headache, fever is a kidney condition. Check for this.
1006907	Red rash around my mouth nose and eyes itches and burns what can it be have had on and off for years it's at it's worse now?	Allergic Eczema Patients with severe allergies get inflammation on the eyelids and around the eyes and at the corners of the mouth. This is a skin inflammation called atopic dermatitis. Try switching to hypoallergenic soap and consider an allergy pill like loratidine and a mositerizer like cetaphil or lubriderm (unscented). If it does not go away or gets worse (more red or weepy) go to your doctor.
1219892	If my complete blood count/liver test/ultrasound/c diff are all perfect.No jandice.No fever.What is causing chronic yellow watery stool?Colitis?Ibs?Ty	Colitis possible If you have not had an endoscopic exam with biopsy, consider that option. Occasionally incipient or subclinical diseases may be discovered by biopsy. Best wishes.
480114	I have something weird going on, I have funny oder in my vagina. Not just that it itches where it shouldn't. I also have a burning sensation.?	Possible infection Hi booob! you should see your doctor. It could be symptoms of a yeast infection, or something called bacterial vaginosis.
6635415	Reaction to wool scarf 1mth ago. Upper chest still off/on itchy, slightly red. Can't see doc for 3 wks. Might clobetasol Rx for my hand eczema help?	You may try ... your Clobetasol for a few days. As you probably already know, topical steroids should not be used for more than 5-7 days in a row ("5 days on, 5 days off"). If no improvement, see a doctor. You can always try neutral, oatmeal based, scent free soaps and lotions to help with symptoms. You could also try oral antihistamines (OTC) to help with itching. Good luck!
130780	Reasons for having just one knee have pain just inferior to my knee cap and having severe pain in the patella tendon area when I squat. Treatment? 19	Tendinitis usually Very difficult and frustrating condition for those of us who exercise. Rest, anti inflammatories, refraining from squatting , running , stairclimbing for four to six weeks is often required followed by pt. It is usually just one knee. Yes, i empathize as i had this and there is no quick fix. Most do resolve. If not, i would hang in there and see an orthopaedist.
1143305	Last month i started my period on the 19th I am sexually active and sometimes we use protection. Now i feel dizzy, lightheaded, backaches, and cramp, could i be pregnant?	No guessing here We do not guess when it comes to diagnosing pregnancy. If your expected period is delayed or has been missed please get a pregnancy test.
948033	Ithy tongue and burning tongue what is it? I have acid reflux and constant post nasal drip	Both these can cause Both acid reflux and post nasal drip can cause a sore throat and tongue. See your doctor for treatment. Acid reflux can erode your teeth and cause serious esophagus problems. Get treatment.
1287141	2 and 4 yr old siblings always have rash on face/body. Usually cheeks/limbs, top of feet. Worse w/heat and sun. Raised, red, warm, blotchy, not itchy	Based on D history You've given, heat rash is the primary consideration. It could be from skin sensitivity to the sun or from blood vessels opening up with increased blood flow after sun exposure. Get them checked also for allergic, atopic and contact dermatitis. Best wishes! .http://www.m.webmd.com/children/skin-rashes-in-children-treatment.
1222666	Does  cirrosis cause anemia? No symptoms , no hepatitis, normal liver enzymes, no alcohol. So can I have cirosis. When usually u check for cirrosis?	See your doctor Don't guess at what is wrong with you. Your info you gave us does not fit cirrhosis of the liver.
320229	I feel pressure with burning sensation on left side of chest. I have GERD , can this be gerd? Heart burn. I also have cramps on right side chest?	Could be GERD But you need treatment. If symptoms resolve with treatment....Great. If not further evaluation is warranted.
1201976	Tiny little bump on the lower vagina lip(left side) no pus or head i'm worried as to what it is, came randomly dsnt look like std.I exercise alot?	Probably ok... It may be just as a part of what you have newly found in your body. If it doesn't hurt and change in size, leave it alone. But clinically, it may be just a tiny sebaceous cyst, which is common in men and women. But as always, practice healthy lifestyle and avoid any forms of overindulgence and obsession. For more health-related information, welcome to www.Formeifrst.Com. Best wish...
1201975	White blotches on vulva. Extremely itchy, intense at night. Scratched so much, made it worse. Have pics. Not std, lichen sclerosus? Pics available	See professionals... What you described may be an intractable skin condition, manageable but not curable. See a competent trustworthy dermatologist timely. Meanwhile, topical use of Hydrocortisone cream for 1-2 weeks may ease itch, but preferably under professional supervision. Best wish...
349120	Fatigue swollen glanch itchy eyes headaches  occasionally diarrhea I am taking med prescribe by primary care doc had lab work don for hiv/syphillis we?	Question unclear It sounds as if you are being quite appropriately evaluated and treated by your pcp. Would stick with this and let them go through their work-up. Am sure that if they reach an impass they will refer you elsewhere.
504852	Can panic/anxiety attacks occur without heart rate change? I've been diagnosed with pvc's and taking propafenone 300mg daily.	YES Panic attacks and anxiety attacks can take several forms when it comes to physical presentation. People who are takig medications like propafenon or Propranolol or other cardiac rhythm meds can certainly have a full blown panic attack without the dramatic tachycardia that sometimes accompanies it. If you are still having attacks , check with your dr. And see if it can be further controled.
6772977	Food the past two weeks, my nose has been burning and itchy inside, and I've been sneezing very often. I do not feel congested, and my nose is not runny. My eyes and throat are also completely normal. What could cause this?	Allergies It sounds like you have some sort of allergy Try to isolate the cause of possible and try a non-sedating antihistamine like loratadine.
6652915	Is it safe for a child to take azithromycin for strep and nasal spray, albuterol inhaler, and mucinex for bad phlemy cough?	Interactions there is no special interaction between those medications when used as prescribed.
629471	Bp ranges from 140/90's to normal. Can this cause shortness of breath and lightheadedness? Blood work, EKG and chest X-ray all normal	140/90 is BL Should not... They are probably unrelated. Check out your shortness of breath though...
623803	Been having pregnancy signs & spotting brown discharge a while b4 period is suppose 2 come. I'm sexually active and don't remember date of last period?	Check now!! Get a pregnancy test asap and follow directions to check. If negative, check again in 2 weeks if you still haven't had a period. If positive, see a doctor right away. Hopefully you're using condoms and good birth control too.
176706	I go soon for an diagnostic mammogram. Will I need a breast ultrasound?	Sometimes An ultrasound is simply another means of looking at breast (or other soft) tissues. It is not usually ordered routinely in conjunction with a mammogram unless there is something abnormal on the ultrasound or a mass that is palpable.
1091889	My period was done two weeks ago and now im still spotting a little brown once a day and seen blood after having sexual intercourse what's happening ?	Check Please get a pregnancy test. If still concerned, discuss the problem with your doctor.
636127	I have a red pimple-like bump after popping my previous pimple. Could it possibly become a cyst because bacteria went deeper inside the pore?	Yes Rupturing a pimple can cause a cyst, and its one of the reasons we discourage people from doing this.
1088880	Slight herniation l5s1.Pain leg&back.Foot drop .Failed nerve block.Nerve study/emg&brain MRI normal.What else could explain the foot drop ?	Neuropathy See neurosurgeon as soon as possible, assuming multiple sclerosis and peripheral nurve damage are ruled out.
1158702	I'm allergic to axe body spray and house dust. How do I get rid of my allergies  that make my nose run and sneeze?	Avoidance First you need to pinpoint the triggers such as axe body spray and dust mites then avoid them. However most people with allergic diseases are not allergic to just a few allergens. For the dust mites, special mite-proof encasings for the mattress, box spring, and pillows are recommended. If otc medications such as antihistamine/decongestant did not help. Consult your doctor or an allergist.
84194	Arthroscopic knee surg. Aug. 9, after I took up jogging, sudden pain. Dr saw arthritis, shaved cartilage behind knee. Still hurts to  walk.
?	Can't cure arthritis Unfortunately we can't cure arthritis. You should consider activity modification--non impact exercise (ie riding a bike, swimming, elliptical). Stretching and proper strengthening of quads, hamstrings and core muscles may be helpful. Antiinflamatories intermittently may help too; if pain persists followupnwith orthopedist to discuss possibility of injections.
1376421	Seasonal allergy, after taking antihistamine itch/sneezing got better but still has blocked nose, now jaw pain too?	2 separate problems 1. Seasonal flu is very common viral infection with symptoms you have described. Usually the condition resolves on its own with home care. Drink water and get a good rest. NSAIDs (e.g. Aleve) are also recommended every 6 hours. 2. Jaw pain due to excessive teeth grinding and stress. See your dentist for examination. Take care.
1484057	My toe has become more painful after toenail surgery phenol was applied to it so I don't think it's regrowing there is no discharge but painful?	Infection? Sounds like either of two possibilities--1) nit was not completely taken out. Part of it left in OR 2). It is infected. Either way you need to see your doctor.
598953	My 6 year old was treated for strep and ear infection on friday, feb 22 with amoxicillin.  On feb 27, he had 103 degree fever.  Again now too. Why?	Possible misdiagnose Did he have a throat culture to diagnose strep? If not, he may have been misdiagnosed and has a viral infection, in which case the anti biotic wont work.
6637970	I am 18 weeks pregnant and have a big fibroid inside the uterus. is it possible to abort this baby now?	Usually not Most pregnant women who have fibroids will not experience any complications with their pregnancy either. However, fibroids during pregnancy do increase your risk of miscarriage or preterm labor slightly. Occasionally, complications can arise if your fibroids become very large. Complications can include: postpartum hemorrhaging obstructed labor (if the fibroid grows into the birth canal) fetal malpresentations (sometimes fibroids grow into the uterus, forcing your baby into an unusual position) stalled labor cesarean section
1239943	I feel completely fine. Not sick but got swollen tonsils, mild sore throat, red bumps back of throat. Been like this for two weeks. It's not strep.	Tonsil It could be a regular virus, aphthous ulcers. If it hasn't cleared up within two weeks i would get it evaluated.
1310192	Lump on face near ear lobe, moves slightly, rash behind ear, hurts a bit when touched..Is this serious?	Reactive node The lump is most likely a reactive lymph node that tends to enlarge from pea sized to bean sized when stimulated by such things as skin rashes/bug bites/viruses &the like. They usually stay enlarged while stimulated &recede when not.Takes 3-4 weeks to settle down. Your doc can confirm this.
965971	Can i take 1mg mirapex with 300mg Neurontin for RLS Neurontin is not cutting it?	Surely Dopamine agonists such as Mirapex seem to work better than gabapentin, but the latter may work better if you use the once daily modification called Horizant (or perhaps another form, gralise) Requip and Neupro may do well. Nice aspect of Mirapex is lack drug interactions, but also so for neurontin.
402994	Swollen bump under chin in front of neck near adams apple. Assuming it is a swollen submental lymph node and concerned also have had a headache today, and wonder what I should do about it	This This may be suggestive of a thyroglossal duct cyst , particularly if there has been a history of fluctuating size, isolated midline or near midline structure, and elevates with swallowing. An ultrasound or ct scan of the neck is often helpful if this is suspected. A more thorough history and physical exam is always a good starting point.
1296201	What would causes a mild burning sensation at tops of breasts and upper chest? Doc says heart is fine.	Many things could It could be pms or premenopausal/menopausal considerations depending on age. It could be reflux, allergic reaction to something like medication, or none of the above. A good workup may include some labs, keeping a diary of when these events occur and timing, pictures of the area to see if redness accompanies with heat or not. Suggest you get more info and return to your doc if this persists.
152127	I am 7/8 weeks pregnant and have a massive headache. I'm sure it's caffiene withdraw. What can I do besides ice and a 1 pop a day? Very migraine-y.	Massage Moist heat can help. Also a neuromuscular massage therapist could help.
367276	I've been getting frequent red itchy boils on the vaginal lips which ooze out a bloody discharge if i try to break them.Sometimes there're thin cuts.?	Possible std You may have a sexually transmitted disease such as herpes simplex virus 2. Please see your ob/gyn.
6676579	Recently been getting sharp pains in mainly the left side of my chest under my breast, sometimes shooting down my arm. could it be  pinched nerve?	Possible The only way to determine the etiology is to get an exam. Call your health care provider and schedule an apt.
1528086	Having low back pain, stomach upset, sore breasts, little/no appetite, brown spotting turned to a small blood flow twice. on mirena..no periods lately?	This Could be hormonal changes resulting in Premenstrual Symptoms or the start of a virus. If there is concern for pregnancy despite being on Mirena, a home pregnancy test may be helpful. If more concern a follow up appointment with your primary care would be indicated.
6614603	Seen 2 heart docs,stress,echo,ekgs are normal,3 monitors,all normal.But still have pain,shortness of breath,dizziness.should I be worried about heart?	No If these cardiologists have ruled out heart problems, it is likely you are suffering from anxiety. Seek a mental health professional.
1049621	I've been on my period for too long? Had the implant=7 month bleed. 2 types of pills=still bleeding, Depo-Provera worked but I've been bleeding for a month help	See doctor More evaluation needed. Would have to know exactly what hormones/contraceptives you have been on and need an exam and possibly ultrasound to determine any abnormal causes.
1606946	Miracle cure for High blood pressure and SVT is Duromine. I use it Instead I have BP 117/60 and heart rate is 109 maybe tachy with myoclonic seizures?	Seizures You need to see a Neurologist to evaluate and manage your seizures. Do not delay!
528097	I miscarried naturally on nov 22 and on dec 10 my blood test hCG level was back to 0. I just got + on hpt, is this the miscarriage or a new pregnancy?	New pregnancy New pregnancy.
810003	I've been taking azithromycin since 5/31.  Sinus pressure is bad along with congestion.  Is this normal?	Try taking OTC cold Meds, vitamins c, apply warm compress & vicks vaporub to your nose and cheeks, chew cough drops etc. If u don't feel better, consider having an imaging study of your sinuses. Take care !
1039339	What's causing this burning sensation in pad of thumb? No burn, cut, swelling, bleeding, or blister. Just a slightly darker spot under surface. Size of eraser. Pain very small & local, but intense.	Not certain One of the more common causes is a foreign body. Even an extremely small splinter can invoke an inflammatory response that is very painful. Use a magnifying glass and see if you can see anything.
1158180	Concerned taking levothyroxine and other drugs like acetaminophen or ibuprofen, take more than, damaging my liver over time, ? Be causing my fatigue.	Get it checked Levothyroxin in correct dose with follow up and normal thyroid profile including TSH and t4, t3 level will not cause fatigue but if not properly controlled the thyroid disease may cause fatigue. We can not answer about your use of Ibuprofen and Acetaminophen without knowing how often nd what dosage you have been using these. But get it checked with an exam and liver function tests to check on liver.
608565	Every time I have a sexual release I have severe pain down my entire left leg for a few minutes to point where i started to avoid sexual activity. Dx: l5-s1 doi 04/2011, s/p surgery 06/2012.  Why now?	Get checked You should go to see your spine surgeon. You likely will need to get an MRI of the lumbosacral spine again to evaluate perhaps there is another new damage/tear, bulging, narrowing, nerve impingement etc there- requiring another treatment etc. Good luck. Avoid any activity that causes that pain meanwhile until your doctor says okay.
1441002	A vein in my penis swells when my penis is not erect.  The skin sometimes itches and tingles in certain areas where vein is. No rash, bumps, discharge?	Answered I have already answerd your question- what is the issue?
596528	24 y/o male. Occasional flat or thin stools. But usually normal.  No blood (that i know of). No real abd pain. Occasional constipation. Colon cancer?	See doctor At your age probably not but any change in bowel caliber warrants consideration of a colonoscopy. You should really discuss in more detail with your doctor.
1507533	For a possible diangosis of some form of acid reflux, why would an antihistamine such as Hydroxyzine HCL be Rx'ed?	Not option 1 or 2 One of the 1st choices often used are a class of medications that block a specific histamine receptor found in the stomach (H2, end in -itidine or -otidine, for example). Hydroxyzine is a non specific histamine receptor blocker, so it will work in the stomach as well as other places. But it is rarely used for this reason because of its other affects. There must be something specific to this case.
6642531	My mother had herpes simplex encephalitis and 21 days zovirax antiviral is given. PCR result came negative for herpes, fever is continuous coming ?	Not herpes If the pcr was negative how was the diagnosis of herpes encephalitis made? Likely another source of viral encephalitis
273508	I have recurring yeast infection. I've tried monistat, 6 month diflucan, (cured me for about 4 months)and terconazole. Is there other things I can try?	Talk to your Dr Diseases such as diabetes, autoimmune diseases, and poor nutrition are other factors to ask your dr. Also you may no longer have yeast but another problem altogether!
6613739	I've taken 5mg of melatonin tonight. Can I take nyquill to help me sleep? Melatonin isn't working..	Yes The antihistamine in NyQuil (doxylamine succinate) will provide the side effect of drowsiness. Like all antihistamines if it works tonight for sleep you develop quick tolerance to it as a sleep aide. Also, if you don't need the other ingredients, I would avoid taking NyQuil just as a sleep aide. For insomnia issues - cognitive behavioral therapy is the best treatment: see www.shuti.me
1293180	If you contract genital hsv1 from a person orally, can you give genital hsv1 to that same someone who had the oral hsv1?	Herpes No. One cannot get infected a second time.
347253	Hi I have what is listed here the ulnar nerve entrapment on both hands and is terrible, hurts a lot, and when numb can do anything.  What can I do my ?	Ortho evaluation Go to see an orthopaedic surgeon. On in your area can be found at www.Aaos.Org. There are ways to treat this both operatively or non-operatively.
6677771	My daughter is 6 months and she snores and briefly stops breathing when she sleeps. Could she have sleep apnea?	Get your stopwatch It is common for infants to have irregular breathing patterns. This is called "periodic breathing," characterized by a series of quick breaths in between longer breaths, even with moments of no breathing. Clinically significant "apnea" in this age would be at least 15-20 seconds, and should be evaluated. What you observe is likely normal, but if she is truly apneic by the clock, go see her doc!
312303	I'm 21..There is a thick white discharge from my vagina which almost looks cheese and it doesn't have any odour..There's burning sensation, itching.?	See your doctor Your doctor will have to evaluate you. Part of that evaluation will be to test the discharge to identify it specifically, then treat you.
275029	After my last deployment; I came home with chronic lower back pain. The pain has now progressed to my hips and down my legs. I have been told I have spinalbifia, and recently a old fracture was found in my spine around my l3, l4, L5 area while doing xrays	This could be a ... You may be describing a spondylolysis ( a type of stress fracture or defect) which can lead to chronic lower back pain that can produce pain into the legs & has a higher association with the presence of a spinal bifida occulta. Treatment is aggressive exercise: core strenghtening & flexibility as well as cardiovascular routines along with use of medication with activity modification.
1405479	Painless puss bump not easily popped on pubic area, strand of hairs trapped inside left dark scars of the site. now itchy white flakes around hair fol?	Hair Follicle If not painful. best to leave it alone!!
1441603	I have visible blood in my urine and slight persistant urination. Is this most likely a kidney infection.	See urologist There are many causes of bloody urine. It is rarely a serious cause at age 28 but you need a urological evaluation to diagnose the cause.Best wishes.
1068543	What could cause 1 to 2 episodes of lightheadedness, dizziness, heart palpitations, sweaty palms, numb hands, and headache?	Lightheaded If you go long periods of time without eating you can have all of these symptoms. You can also get these due to anxiety. Try to have small frequent meals and stay away from sugar and caffeine. F/u with your dr. For annual check up and labs if you haven't done so already.
1427571	My hands are itchy and burning on palms thought it was hand foot and mouth, my son has it right now. I don't have bumps. Just started erythromycin.	Viral illness Hand, foot and mouth disease is caused by a virus and Erythromycin will not work
275024	I have severe seasonal outdoors allergies including itchy. Watery eyes,  itchy throat,  stuffy. Runny nose.   What medication work best?	Multiple choice The best treatment for an individual is often hard to predict. All of us respond to meds in a variety of ways & what works well for some may not do so for others. The non sedating antihistamines (loritadine & fexofenadine) are popular otc 1st line meds.Steroid nasal sprays help some. A variety of allergy eye drops are available otc or by prescription. You need to try them & see if they help.
303865	Sore throat, swollen lymph nodes, red spots on roof of mouth and gums, throat. Feel bad. Had a strep test and was negative?	Herpangina Your symptoms are consistent with a coxsackie infection called herpangina. Self limited treat symptomatically.
798847	Last period apr8. Took pregnant test-neg result. Lightly spot brown&red sometimes. Sexually active. Hubby never penetrated. Lots of ejac. Poss causes?	Irregular periods? If you typically have irregular periods then most likely you aren't ovulating regularly and this leads to a longer duration between periods. If this is the case then you should see your ob/gyn to be evaluated with an ultrasound and blood work up for possible endocrine abnormalities.
798841	Lemierres? Finished antibiotics for ear infection same day dull ache on left side of throat for 4-5 days. Affecting left ear as well. What is this?	Continuing You still ave same problem and need more or different antibiotic. Call your doctor.
400846	What would cause a sudden onset of very watery diarrhea?  I was fine all day. Now I have had the diarrhea for 3 hours. Should i take anything to stop it?  I am drinking water and i just ate some plain rice.
I don't have any more sudden urges but each time	There There are certain foodborne illnesses that have an acute/sudden onset. You likely ate contaminated food. This type of diarrheal illness usually lasts 24-72 hours. If it has persisted longer than this, you have a high fever, blood or parasites in your stool, and/or severe abdominal pain, then a medical visit is in order. The key with this type of illness is to maintain adequate hydration, and eat a bland diet until a regular diet is tolerated. I hope you are better by now.
637524	Stomach cramping, diarrhea up to 10 times a day, nausea, dr found occult blood in stool and mucous, high esr. Gallbladder ultrasound next week. Grandma has IBS brother has uc. What could be the cause?	Wrong priority! Sorry, but you family history and clinical symptoms speak about your gut/colon. I would leave gb us for after a proper examination of your colon first when nothing should be found there! this is at least what i would do!
6700769	Please opinions.okay i have profuse yellow-tinted discharge and dull ache. light itching/irritation. Not gonorrhea or chlamydia...what can cause this?	Vaginitis is most commonly caused by yeast (Candida), trichomonas, and bacterial vaginitis, usually Gardnerella, but other bacteria such as strep and staph can also be culprits, in addition to the std's listed above. Please under microscope or swabs and cultures will help make diagnosis. Please see your doctor or gyn.
1257683	With a level of 60  on my hCG i'm bleeding had positive pregnant test two weeks ago is it a miscarriage?	Possible An HCG of 60 would be seen in early pregnancy, like in the first week or two. The level doubles every 72 hours and this is the best marker to follow. If you are having significant pain, get checked always possibility of tubal pregnancy which is dangerous. Otherwise notify your provider and the best course of action would be to check you HCG in 3 days.
1385023	Headache neck ache pain in jaw pressure in forhead numbness in face spaced out feel wired brain tumor or brain abcess vertigo legs feel heavy?	Headache Don't understand your question completely or what you are asking. What you are describing appears to be a mixed tension/migraine headache. If you are concerned about tumor or infection, best to check with your doctor or referral to a neurologist for evaluation.
1385029	Can a swab test tell the difference between genital herpes simplex one and two?	Yes yes
388378	Ac separation? Or other shoulder injury? Someone, tackled me three nights ago while i was not looking.  I felt 3-4 "pops" and thought it was just my neck. My shoulder hurt immediately and has not stopped hurting.  I went to an urgent care.  There were no	AN An ac separation can occur with negative xrays for fracture. A grade ! separation may not show any xray findings. A higher grade injury may only be apparent with a weight holding film. A more severe injury may show that physically there is a notch, bump or step off at the ac joint even if the radiologist read the xray as "negative" the ac joint is stressed if one brings their arm across their chest trying to touch the opposite shoulder. This ois called adduction of the arm. Elevation will also be a problem . If the ac joint is sprained even a low grade injury may take 4-5 weeks or more to feel better. Tennis, especially overhead shots may take longer it sound as if an evaluation by an orthopedic surgeon who takes care of shoulder problems is needed.
1261083	Plz please help me, now i'm pregnant 5months everything fine, CMV is tested before and now, same result (cmv IgG +ve, IgM -ve) can I breastfeed after birth	CMV You have evidence of an old infection with cmv. The igg result is positive and the igm is negative which means this is not an active infection but is an infection that occurred in the past. This should not pose a risk to you or your baby! enjoy your pregnancy!
1094309	Woke up this morning with mild fever, chills, and frequent diarrhea (but no vomiting).  No stomach pain, no respiratory symptoms.  How long should I expect to last?  Is it safe to eat?	Clear liquids You should start with clear liquids and progress your diet at your next meal if you have no more diarrhea. Since it's impossible to know exactly what you have, it would be risky to predict how long it will last.
1486765	I take lamictal & I got a rash looking thing on my knee with bubbles on it. But my mom insists I'm overreacting & refuses to call doctor. What do I do?	Call doctor ASAP ! Can"t afford to take chances with Stephens Johnson Syndrome or Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis. Best not to advance the medication faster than 25 mg / week. (reduces risk of developing a rash) Very serious risk of a potentially deadly rash.
6634950	I'm having stomach pain, nausea, sore breast, and my belly is growing but I'm having negative pregnancy test wha do you think is going on with my body?	Doctor visit It's time to see your doctor and get answers. Make an appointment. Best of luck.
258662	Can you get chlamydia wothout penetration? What are symp in women? Cramping, mid cycle bleed, painful urin, itchy vag, pain joints..Symptoms?	Fluid transmission In order to get chlamydia fluid has to be exchanged from one person to the other. In most people there are no symptoms which is why it goes undetected.
398257	My daughter has a really bad red sore and itchy and burning neck. It is in the crease of her neck  what is it? What should we do to get rid of it?	You You will need a diagnosis before any treatments can be recommended. It sounds like it could be bacterial or fungal, but a treating physician would have to make that call after an examination. Therefore bring your child to her pediatrician if this problem is still present.
677326	Cervical spondylosis and prior broken tailbone. Pain or pressure in pelvis or lower back makes worse (dizzy, nausea, pain). Can i ask for cesarean?	Yes Even without your medical history you have the right to ask for a ceserean.
6784672	I took Aleve around 11 am. this morning, it is now 4:30 pm, is it safe to take Advil.  I pulled a muscle in my shoulder and damaged a rib?	NSAIDS NSAIDs (the common over the counter anti-inflammatories) are good for muscle strains and overuse injuries. Aleve (naproxen) and Advil (ibuprofen) are common NSAIDs. Recommend you stick with one or the other. I like naproxen (Aleve) dosed 500 mg 2 times daily with food. Ibuprofen (Advil) is dosed 800 mg 3 times daily, so less convenient. Save $$ and buy naproxen (same as Aleve) but lower cost
1186844	I have a red bumps on my vagina. It dosent hurt. It looks like pimples but they don't pop. And I am not a virigin. What is it?	Genital lesion Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment. What you describe could be normal, a pimple, herpes, genital warts, syphilis or many other things.
726446	I have a lump on the side of my left hand, just where your thumb starts on my left hand. It's been there for over 2 months, and causes severe pain?	Cyst most likely You are describing something that is similar to a "ganglion cyst". This is an out pouching of the lining of the joint of your wrist. These occur frequently. Often they go away on their own. Often they have no symptoms, but can have pain and discomfort. Usually observed but can be injected with a steroid and if complicated, they are surgically removed. Questions? See your pcp or hand surgeon.
6713622	I took 4 Advil for a bad headache and it's turned into a massive migraine.  Can I take 2 Excedrin?	Not immediately After taking 4 advil you should wait at least 8 hours before taking excedrin.
6738152	How long is it safe to be on antibiotics (minocycline)? It's been around three years on and off but whenever I stop my acne comes back. Risks?	It's safe I was on various tetracyclines for decades until my acne finally remitted around age 50. You also need to be on a topical agent such as benzyl peroxide and/or retinoic acid. Since you're a female, you may try spironolactone or the oral contraceptive pill. I'm glad you've gotten a good result. There's no guessing when your acne will go on its own; keep managing it until it does. Best wishes.
1239563	Blood in urine which i know is UTI but i also have pains all over and having cold and hot sweats and am feeling weak. Is this part of the infection?	Pyelonephritis Urinary infections can also advance and become kidney infections too. It sounds like this is not just a UTI and you need to see a doctor now. Go immediately and have this evaluated.
1469239	What is degenerative sacroiliac changes with vacuum phenomenon in SI joints, spurs anteriorly and sclerosis, also have thoracic bone spurs and fusion?	SI joint This is a radiographic description of your sacroiliac joint where your pelvis meets the spine. There are degenerative changes to this joint that may or may not be a source of your pain. It's possible that you've had these changes for years and you are having a flare up in this area.
1027601	My legs are really itchy 2days now yet no rash? A small rash shows once i've scratched.. But they won't stop itching ?	see an allergist Temporarily use Benadryl or zertec otc for itching and see an allergist.
6688631	Because I have anxiety daily this doesn't mean I WILL get diabetes right? I always have a blood pressure below 120/80 and heart rate below 100!	Right! There's no relationship between anxiety and diabetes. There's no relationship between your BP and your heart rate and diabetes either. There IS a relationship to your weight and how much you exercise, so try to be at ideal weight and exercise regularly. Exercise is also very good for anxiety so you can "kill 2 birds with 1 stone"!
730093	Recently i'm feeling very weak. My bilirubin level is .96, sgpt-59 with normal sugar level and alk. Phosphatase. Is it risky? What may be the cause?	Repeat test Slight alt elevation . May be nothing. Repeat test.
1158358	I have a bump on vagina im wondering if it's herpes , it's a little pink with a white head i poped it and it was a white ball , is this herpes or a zit?	Unlikely herpes Herpes comes as a blister, that opens to be a shallow ulcer. Something with a white head that when you popped it there was a white ball is likely a zit - a local skin infection.
589877	Didn't have my period this month! took a home pregnancy test and it came back negative. I have cramps, discharge, sore breasts, and constipation. Help?	Try again It is possible that you took the test too early, symptoms sound like pregnancy. Try another test.
526589	Gay 43 male! does having genital warts mean I have hiv? Always wear condoms! top only!  have had unprotected oral and kissing!  i only had one  wart i n pubic area then a string on underside of penis!	No HPV is not HIV They are 2 different viruses. Hpv is very common. Most sexually active people have causght it several times during their lives. It's best to be fully tested for stds. Gay men are at higher risk of syphillus, HIV and other stis.
1322478	Constant shortness of breath all day and tightness in chest   for 4 to 5 without any history of lung and heart disease. anxiety cause all day dyspnea?	Dyspnea d/t anxiety While anxiety can certainly cause shortness of breath, and you point out you've had no cardiac or pulmonary problems in the past, but do have a history of anxiety -- it's also important to remember that anxiety is a diagnosis of exclusion. See your primary, esp if you have any assoc sxs like cough, fever. With medical causes ruled out, it would be time to pursue a more robust anxiety treatment.
1200750	34yr old  sister had a brca test done.Her results came back as positive for one copy of  c.6937+594t&gt; g mutation in brca 2 gene.What does this mean?	? deleterious, now U The testing report should specify if this is a "deleterious" mutation. If it is, then it is present throughout all her breast tissue increasing her risk of a second/subsequent breast cancer. It also confers a significant risk of ovarian cancer. As a 1st degree relative, you would have a 50% chance of carrying the same mutation and should be tested for this specific mutation.
1322475	Can I be pregnant my mouth is sour from 3 days but hCG home test it is coming negative my due date was 18th and I use to get my period  6 days before?	Wait a little... If you suspect you are pregnant probably would be good to wait few days and get pregnancy test repeated. If negative again and still not getting your period it is time then to see your PCP OR GYN provider.
1140573	Could a tilted uterus cause vaginal burning and pain during sex I have never had an underlying STD just bacterial vaginitis and yeast infection?	See answer ~20% of females born in the U. S. Have a tipped/tilted uterus which simply means that the uterus is not in a normal up and down placement but tipped forward or back in comparison to where it should be aligned. Though usually asymptomatic, it may be associated with pain during sex or menstruation. Vaginal burning unassociated with sex would not be a typical symptom. Gynecologist can provide answer.
1209344	On antibiotics for uti, also on start of 2nd month of birth control. Nauseous, tired, dizzy, feel sick. Got period n 2 neg pregnant tests. Is it the meds?	Hard to know These symptoms are so non-specific that they could be due to multiple different causes. See your doctor, provide a detailed history and let them examine and test you if necessary and you will find a rationale for what is occurring.
540396	Im really nervous about switching from Depo-Provera provera to nexplanon I have been on Depo-Provera for 7 years I am not sure if it is a good idea what do you think?	BCP That is a decision best made by your ob/gyn who knows your case the best.
1432072	I recently had frequent chest pains that immediately causes pain and sometimes numbness of my legs and arms. Is this a symptom of any heart disease?	Unlikely Unlikely, but CP should prompt an evaluation
1445582	What is ALS weakness? My rt arm feels heavy but Im not sure if it's in my mind because I'm worried . Getting muscle twitches that jump around random	What is ALS weakness That is a very good question. It sounds like your symptoms are muscle twitching. You have this in both arms and legs, and in your body? Your right arm feels heavy, but it is actually weak? Other important questions are if you have lost weight, and whether you have trouble swallowing? There are many possible causes. Dedicated testing is needed to make a diagnosis. Feel free to chat if nec
616465	Never been pregnant, always had white spots on my nipples and areola. Down side is breast cancer runs in the family. Should i be worried?	Not about the spots But if there is a family history of br ca, you may need closer surveillance. The spots are likely just areas with less pigment.
1276105	A year ago i fell an hurt my ankle an now I have severe leg pain, and joint pain in knee groin n ankle, foot?	Ankle/leg pain This is not common but can occur. You would need to be examined and possibly have some tests to help determine what the problem is.
1113588	I get nausea, bloating, gas, abdominal cramps and fowl smelling burps after i eat any pork products for years now. What can cause this?	Nausea/abd pain With your current symptoms, two most likely causes are gallbladder dysfunction or gastroparesis ('lazy stomach', your stomach is not emptying food into the small intestine properly). Should discuss your current symptoms with your physician for further diagnostic tests, which can be quite simple.
6620867	My LMP was on Jan 3 and i have been feeling sick,nauseous,dizzy,light cramps,tired,sleepy,not eating well,stomach feels weird, weird taste on my mouth?	Concern for preg? Hello I am sorry to hear that you feel so bad. Are you concerned that you might be pregnant?You mentioned your last menstrual period was Jan 3.Have you been sexually active?Is there something specific that triggers all of these symptoms.I would say that if you are have all of these issues for so long since Jan 3,you should visit your regular doctor to determine how he/she might be able to help you.
834490	My fianc had what looks to be a spider bite, (2 holes, red, itchy, swollen, blistered and sore) should he pop the blisters and the liquid out!?	Staph Infections Please 'google image' MRSA staph and compare the abscesses there with what you see on your fiance' skin. If it is similar please get him to medical care urgently.
6744241	I have a large marble sized boil/pimple/bug bite on my inner thigh. Noticed 2 days ago and today its very red around and very painful/itchy. ?	THIGH BOIL SEE YOU PCP SOONEST! THIS INFECTION COULD SPREAD . . . GOOD LUCK
755171	My period is 14 days late. Symptoms: lower back pain, white discharge, belly pain, headaches & cramps. 2 negative hpts. Can i be pregnant?	Possibly/depends,, You might be cramping, etc. Because that may have been your period, especially if you're taking ocps, but it is late and there may be a chance of pregnancy so you could repeat your test in one week and if still neg and you have no period, visit your doctor for the tests there and an exam to rule out complications, or you can see the doctor sooner if the cramps are bothering you more. Good luck.
511724	On pill and used condom 7 weeks ago, had no period but only a brown discharge with light blood and now sore breasts, could this all be from stress?	Possibly Do a pregnancy test even though it is highly unlikely you are pregnant.
1106201	Can there be some ways to reduce the loudness of someone snoring or completely stop their snoring?	Sure Snoring is the sound of turbulent airflow. Things that may help in reducing decibels or reducing overall snoring may be body position change (like avoiding sleeping on back) ... This could involve pillows or other positioners. Also improvement in nasal congestion/narrowing. I recommend a lot of sinus rinses (no medication just ph balanced salt solutions) or nasal sprays to help with congestion.
812646	I have a pain on left side under breast, difficulty to breath sometimes and get numbness of left arm. What could this be?	Could be Coming from your heart, so see a doctor. Or it could be a lung problem such as infection or pulmonary embolus. Don't take any chances, go see a doctor.
504214	My daughter has developed a rash on her knees and elbows its red but not itchy?	Describe Could you describe the rash and is it spreading or scaly. Do others in family have similar rash...
509375	Is knee swelling after tkr caused by dislocation or infection?	Not necessarily It depends how long after the surgery. .. Swelling is usually related to an inflammatory response that could be caused by an infection or a traumatic event, but not always. I need more details to try and determine the cause...
1374644	Have had huge terrible headaches for days, feel weak, dizzy, not hungry, cant sleep, what's wrong??	Anxiety is state of tension, apprehension, worry, uneasiness or fear. It may be related to anticipated danger or arise for no apparent reason. While mild episodes of anxiety are common and do not usually require treatment, more severe forms can be chronic and debilitating. See your PCP for evaluation and referral. Do not self medicate to ovoid serious complications.
1353466	Took a quantitative blood test this week, 9 weeks after sexual activity, came back < 0.6 hcg, Ovulation test positive 4 days later. Am i pregnant?	Negative test The test as it stands is negative for pregnancy
881866	Recovery stage of mono. My blood looks good & my spleen doesn't seem to be enlarged. When can I start lifting? Can it become enlarged in acute stage?	Wait The spleen is usually enlarged with infectious mononucleosis (barr epstein virus infection). The spleen can rupture if there is trauma to the spleen when it is enlarged. Lifting of course depends on the weight of what you lift. Give your body time to heal and the spleen to return normal size and this may take 3 months.
1395506	I have a dull pain on my right side under my rib in my stomach, nausea sometimes, could it be gallbladder or something else? Before and after i eat	Should see doc Gallbladder, ulcers, gastritis, pancreatitis, bile duct issues. Simple tests like US of liver-GB can be done with some blood work and physical exam.
173393	My hepatitis a IgM antibody value has gone down, so that means the virus is going away?	Yes Hepatitis a always goes away on its own; there is no chronic form. Therefore, it's not nessary to follow the antibody titer. What matters is whether your jaundice is resolving and you're feeling better.
720233	What will reduce or eliminate pain in my knees from bakers cysts?	Two options One is to have it drain with or without corticosteroid injection. The other is to have to surgery. I hope that helps.
1061945	Red raised pimple like bump with a black center. I have had it for a couple days and it hurts when i touch it. What could it be?	Blackhead Sounds like an inflamed blackhead. If it doesn't start to resolve in a few days get it checked out to be sure it's not an infection if some sort. It's really hard to assess skin problems and rashes without being able to actually see them.
6712578	Have a large kidney stone. Stent was placed 4 days ago to drain kidneys. Have been peeing blood and I know that is normal, but I just passed several tissue-like substances in urine. Is this anything to be concerned about? Surgery date is 3 weeks away. Tha	Not abnormal You're likely passing blood clots. I wouldn't be concerned unless you develop: 1)fever or 2)sudden onset severe pain or 3) stop peeing. I've been there - you have my deepest condolences!
1272823	4 weeks ago i fell and tore ligaments in both my left knee and ankle.  Having two injuries on the same leg, what physical therapy exercises can I do?	See details Without being able to examine the areas, it is impossible to offer specific advise. You should direct this question to the doctor who evaluated the knee and ankle.
1523826	This is second pregnancy. 3rs month.First was normal. Morning urine showed sugar and protein. No family history. Is it normal? Blood test normal.	Possible Diabetes Protein and sugar should never be present in the urine. You need to discuss this with your OB physician right away. It is very possible you have a form of diabetes that shows up in pregnancy called gestational diabetes. This disorder must be controlled to prevent injury to both you and baby.
1598595	Flu for 5 days despite of flu shot. Still have fever, aches, chills, no appetite, mild cough, headache, exhaustion. Still contagious? How long?	See your doctor. One of the biggest problems from the flu is the chance of secondary bacterial infections, including sinusitis and pneumonia. Fever for 3-4 days can be normal, but with 5 days of it, it is time to be seen. You are contagious for 5-7 days after the onset of symptoms. If you have shortness of breath, dizziness, blurry vision, go to the ER. The vaccine only protects 60% of folks.
1036071	Head pressure, body ache, soar throat, ear ache, fever/temp is 100.8 and still feel cold even under a blanket. Could it be a cold or flu etc?	Possibly But there is no way to accurately diagnose you over the internet. Please go and see your doctor.
1013413	What are small red itchy bumps on back of neck symptoms of?	Several causes Little itchy bumps on the nape, several forms of dermatitis (skin inflammation), folliculitis (inflammation ofthe hair follicles) , ? Psoriasis ( a scaly skin condition), or seborrhea (part of it is dandruff) u may want 2 c ur 1ry md or a referral to a dermatologist 2 sort it out see less.
1284437	Sore breast severe cramping fatigued for a week now  had my period 2 weeks ago. Tubal with clamps in 2012 just clamps no cutting my tubes?	Question??? Are you asking if you could be pregnant despite having tubal with clamps. ? It's very unlikely since you had tubal plus you had period 2 weeks ago. Take a home preg. Test, if not pregnant, check with your ob/gyn re your symptoms.
777352	Are there autoimmune disorders that causes red, swollen, inflamed and itchy eyelids and a rash?	See below Dermatomyositis can certainly do this.
1310747	Cold hands and feet. Leg ulcer (healed by itself). Odd feeling in lower legs. Blood pressure and cholesterol is normal. What could be the cause?	Smoke? I hope you don't smoke? Your symptoms are worrisome for Buerger's Disease, but this only occurs in smokers. Other forms of vasculitis can also cause leg ulcers and diminished circulation. Diabetes could cause this. You need a full evaluation.
161969	What are the symptoms of bacterial infection of the vagina?	Discharge Bacterial overgrowth in the vagina due to altered flora, bacterial vaginosis, is a more common problem than invasive bacterial infections. This entity causes vaginal discharge, that may be foul smelling, irritation, itching and may be associated with urinary infections.
1112323	My clitoris has been very swollen, red, itchy, & sensitive to touch the past few days.Also noticed small cuts/tears in the same area which bleeds a little. Have herpes and have had no sex for a while?	Using soap there? Soap should not be used in that area you should only clean it with warm water. If you are using soap there it is possible that the skin is irritated and that's why it is broken down. You could try to heal it by putting on zinc oxide ointment.
177082	If your head CT with and without contrast come back normal does that mean it's not a brain tumor?	Likely That is certainly very reassuring. However, if the symptoms you had that resulted in the ordering of this test continues or worsens, an MRI can be performed, which offers greater resolution and detail.
1077853	Vomited 3 times tonight so far, diarrhea, bad stomach pain. Ulcer related or stomach flu? Also is it normal to get really hot when vomiting?	Usually viral Most symptoms like this are viral and tent to resolve in 24-48 hours. You may feel hot and you may also chill. This could be other things as well but start simple try to get some clear fluids with sugar in. Popsicles, jello and gatoraide usuall help. If you start to vomit blood or start feeling very lethargic or dry mouth and little urine output you should have someone take you to the er.
1125634	After using clindamycin phosphate and benzoyl peroxide acne is still happening. What's going on?	How long? You do not say how severe your acne is nor how long you have been using these medications. If you have been using them for 3 months and you see no improvement, go back to your dermatologist and talk to him or her about going on an oral medication.
1111980	Started bleeding and cramping ultrasound finds no fetus possible miscarriage?No tissue or blood clots.Oct 23 last period how many weeks pregnant?	Not pregnant When no pregnancy then how could it be weeks if she was pregnant and normal pregnancy then she will be 9 weeks pregnant ultra sound showing no pregnancy that means she is not pregnant by now if normal pregnancy there would be definite pregnancy on ultra sound with heart beats of baby.
1492600	Chest pain while move.discomfort..sometimes feel breathing difficulties..ecg 7 times and echo.often shoulder discomfort & nausea.no heart issue.why???	Non cardiac pain musculoskeletal skeletal pain consider taking non steroidal anti inflammatory agents like alive and recheck
839626	Tightness in upper chest and throat head ache has shaking feel weak. Could it be over active thyroid or another blood clot in lung or lack of iron?	Yes, yes & notsomuch The majority of your symptoms are concerning for potential overactive thyroid or pe (clot in lung), but could be caused by other things that are less serious and unrelated. The iron issue is much less likely the source, unless extremely severe and ongoing. Should be seen in er w/chest discomfort for evaluation.
615798	I have corns and calluses on my feet, and sometimes suffer from athletes foot. The sides of my feet are bright pink in colour and flaky, what is it?	Many possibilities There are many types and causes of skin rashes. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1062072	I had a chemical peel and my face stings and itches. What should I do?	Hydrate. Post chemical peel, you may experience stinging and itching. I find products like avene thermal spray and moisturizers such as the skinmedica tns ceramide to be quite helpful in hydrating during this portion of your recovery. In a real pinch, you could take an oral antihistamine such as zyrtec or even apply topical Cortaid for more relief.
1608737	What does it mean when both your elbows are itchy and both your hands and they are really red?	Possible skin allery or sensitivity: please get examined for a definitive diagnosis.
915832	5yr girl with 7 past urine tests in row show trace blood in it, no u.T.I.! so checked serum creatinine an it's ok but cbc, iron on low side, .Any clue?	? urine Ca/cr ratio Sometimes this is a sampling issue, and a squat and pee sample is often a vaginal wash out with all sorts of things in it. If it is a good clean catch specimine i would wonder where the blood is coming from.Small amounts can accompany excess calcium loss through the kidney tubules.A spot check of the urine ca/cr can pick this up, usually some protein in the pee along with it.Talk with your doc.
336371	My period is 8 days late. Pain in my abdomen, cervix and breasts. Blood tests and ultrasounds show that I am healthy also not preg. What is the cause?	Hormones If your period is late, but your not pregnant, it's likely that the symptoms you are experiencing are due to hormones. At age 25, depending on any other medical conditions you may have, this could be normal. Birth control pills can help to regulate your hormones and decrease these symptoms women get right before their period starts. See your doctor to discuss this.
1437575	Abnormal swelling around the face with ear ache and throat pain.what could it be? An ear infection or cancer? Under the jaw swelling also.age 48	Probably infection see your dr.--need to evaluate,probably do blood work. Most likely not cancer--more likely an infection.
1275455	I have a small flat light brown mole on my shoulder. I've noticed it has a black spot in centre. Should i be worried?  Or can moles have black spots.	Examination Any mole should be examined for size, shape, regularity, change, etc. Ask your pcp to take a look.
1428718	First ANA test came back 1:40 second one was a bit higher . Can I possibly have lupus ? That's really scary . I have all over muscle and joint pain .	Need more data This is a not enough information to call you lupus. Is a very low positive test and need a lot more information to make the diagnosis . Your physician I'll need to make a lot of other testing to clarify whether it's related
566471	10 year old girl with regular fatigue and  low grade fevers (99.3-100.4) blood tests norm.  Except: neutrophil -60.0, lymphocytes 26.5  any ideas?	Infection? Sounds like an infection. Low grade fevers and a normal blood count are common with many infections. The fatigue is common during the infection, but should improve. Follow up with her pediatrician if she continues to have fatigue.
305072	5 yr old with headache vomiting sore throat.  No fever?	GI Virus? Most common reason is an intestinal viral infection. These are self limited lasting a day or two. Rarely strep throat can present this way, but there's usually a fever. If diarrhea develops then its a virus. If he doesn't urinate for >12 or develops a fever call your pediatrician.
1141829	Lump on lower right side of abdomen about 4 in long 1 in dia. Only see/feel on occasion. Some pain that feels like gas or bloating. Diarrhea for 5 day?	Cannot diagnose You need to be seen and examined. May have an abdominal wall hernia or several other possibilities.
6735935	6 months ago Transvaginal ultrasound said left ovary not clearly visible but no signs of adnexal tumor. I now have an 8.5cm tumor on the left ovary. Was this missed 6 months ago?	Ovary tumor Not likely to miss a tumor this size. Must have developed in last six months. BE sure you are followed carefully by your doctor. You may need surgery.
389595	I think I have been bitten by a spider.  My hand is swollen and red.  It has been 3 days not the reddest has gathered to one spot.  The spot is really red and has blisters.  I have taken antibotics and benyagral.  No doctor	Go Go see someone, there are several different types of bites, most commonly a brown recluse spider that needs additional treatment. You may have necrotic ( dead) skin and tissue just below the surface that can be infected easily leading to more issues. While many bites do not lead to this amount of severe problems, the bite that get worse a few days ater is something to be concerned about. Special topical medications, surgery and prolonged treatment for a wider bigger area of skin and tissue necrosis ( translate skin and soft tissue death) can result if this progresses. That being said, not all spider bites are brown recluse bites but if it is not getting better, its better to be evaluated.
391388	About ten days ago, i woke up with a red, dry, blistery, swollen face. It seems to be in the crevices of my cheeks, and around my nose, it burns at time and itches.  The skin is drying up and that makes it more painful, I have tried pure aloe vera plant g	I'm I'm sorry you're having troubles with this rash. There are several conditions that cause facial rashes, and sometimes it's necessary to have a physician evaluate your rash to distinguish one cause from another. The "malar rash" of lupus (an autoimmune disease) typically involves the cheeks and the bridge of your nose; sometimes the eyelids are also involved.This rash can be very scaly and tender, and it tends to get worse with sun exposure or stress. Rosacea, a chronic skin disorder whose cause is unknown, can also cause scaling, blistering, and swelling. Its distribution differs slightly from the malar rash of lupus (see link below). Rosacea typically involves a broader area of the face, including the chin, cheeks, forehead, and nose. Your eyes can also be affected. People with rosacea tend to be "blushers." seborrheic dermatitis is a condition that causes redness and flaking of the face (eyelids, eyebrows, creases beneath the nose) and scalp. Other body regions can also be affected. The rash of seborrhea tends to be red, oily and flaky. Contact dermatitis is caused by sensitivity to irritating substances, such as essential oils, harsh soaps, and certain cosmetics. This rash, which can be red, blistery, and flaky, occurs in areas where sensitizing substances have been applied. Treatment for these conditions differs. For example, corticosteroid creams (such as hydrocortisone) may improve contact dermatitis, but they can worsen rosacea; the malar rash of lupus usually resolves when the lupus is treated; and so on. If your rash hasn't cleared and you haven't seen your doctor yet, i suggest you do so. Good luck! http://www.Healthy-skin-guide.Com/rosacea-a-symptom-of-lupus.Html.
6671166	Just went through a crohns flare up. I was put on ciprofloxacin and have 3 days left. But now no diarrhea  I am constipated. Takes a lot of effort.why?	Inflammation A flare is a whole cascade of inflammatory cells that takes a while to cool down and return your intestinal function to a more normal baseline
1508540	Mild chest pressure.NO Sob.Recent norm stress,echo&holter months ago.Male,Age 28, no fam hist.Can this be cardaic related still?I have mild flu atm to	No At 28, your probability of heart disease is close to zero without any tests. With negative tests, it's even lower. Not all chest discomfort is heart related. You have muscles, ribs, cartilages, ligaments, esophagus, stomach, gall bladder, lungs, pleura, colon etc - all of which cause some chest discomfort in some people. Seek an alternative explanation.
649938	Can a pulled pectoral muscle cause pain in shoulder/neck/jaw with pain when i move on right breast? I hve tennis elbow bad as well on same side ofpain	It can. It can. Keep an eye on it and maybe take some ibuprofen. If it does not resolve or gets worse go see your doctor.
767055	I had heart cath last july and it was fine. I still get pain in mid back, sides and chest. I take protonix. If not heart or GERD could it be stress? If not that then what?	See a doctor Yes, this could be stress, along with a dozen or more other things. You need to be seen by a good clinician who will spend the time and effort working this out with you. Good luck.
1096682	I have this sore hard spot in between my breast. Its not right in the middle, moreout. Is this usually a sign of breast cancer, should I be concerned?	Although I wouldn't Jump to the conclusion that you have breast cancer- i would also encourage you to have it medically evaluated.
795837	I have chest discomfort that is not heart problems and is not an asthmatic issue. It's uncomfortable to take deep breaths. I don't get it.	Causes of CP If heart problems and asthma r/o then chest wall pain/costochondritis possibly the next real possibility. Pleurisy it's another possibility from a prior pneumonia or any inflammatory disease like lupus, rheumatoid arthritis etc. Other possibility is acid reflux disease. Stay with your doctor. Sometimes takes time to match a symptom with a cause/diagnosis.
1088963	Boyfriend just found a genital wart on him, we've had sex once what are the chances i will get it?  I have not received the shot to prevent hpv!	Yes it is possible You should get checked by a doctor. If you used a condom there is a much less chance you will pick up the hpv virus. Also the hpv vaccine only covers 4 of the most common srtains of hpv (over 140 strains of hpv).
1473518	I woke up with itchy red bumps on my hand and elbows. ?	Must be examined insect bites or allergic reaction possible- get examined.
664154	Fusion at L3 L4 lateral herni at L5 moderate bulge l5s1 mild bilat neural foraminal exit stenos should L4 L5 s1 all be fused at this point ? Help pl	Surgical risks It sounds like you have chronic back pain, and that surgery(ies) have not been helpful. The problem with MRI scans of the spine is that they are good at identifying structural changes but do not let us know what is causing the pain. The changes you note on the MRI are common age associated changes. I suggest you see a physical medicine & rehab doctor (non-surgeon) who specializes in the spine.
1392777	What started as a lil white bump on the corner of my mouth has turned into a big red bump with what looks like two or three white heads on it.	Sounds like cold sor If they look like little blisters they are probably a cold sore caused by the herpes virus. over the counter abreva works nicely on cold sores, but if it doesn't go away in a week i would see a dermatologist.
1350968	Clindamycin phosphate and benzoyl peroxide gel use for?	Acne BPO is an old antibiotic that acne bacteria seem to have no resistance to. It may dry the skin but has a long track record ( think Clearasil) Clindamycin is an antibiotic that helps kill P acne bacteria, it dosent get everywhere so by applying it directly to t e acne you can deliver the drug to the area of need.
554209	Have dry cough for 8 weeks with pain in rt. Lower rib-flank area & rt. Mid-chest when coughing & inhaling. No visible swelling. X-ray & blood test ok. ?	Not only OK, needed Pulmonary symptoms of this duration with the pain and intensity you describe are more than reason enough for an immediate check up with your doctor. Blood tests and lung x-rays will likely be part of the examination. Good luck!
1228491	I took home urine test and it was negative but i went to the hospital tooke blood test and it was positive, my period is on now. Could i be pregnant?	No If you are on your period, you are not pregnant. Labs do make errors, and levels for HCG in the blood as determined by today's methods may be subject to interfering substances.
1318991	Sore knee. Not kneecap but just below it.  Bending it hurts. No known injury. No bruising. Right knee only.  What to do?	Tendinitis Sounds like patellar tendinitis. Try taking a NSAID ( Ibuprofen) for several days and avoiding activities that may aggravate your tendinitis( leg extensions, lunges, stair - climbing, running sports , etc.). Ice massage to the tendon when 'sore' can be helpful.Nsaid compounding creams( prescription required) are helpful. See an Orthopedic Surgeon for definitive diagnosis. GL!
748374	Diagnosed with chondromalacia. My knees pop when i bend them, so I am afraid to exercise. If they pop does that mean i need surgery? I have pt nextweek	Anterior knee pain Knee "noise" does not correlate with knee pathology. Chondromalacia means cartilage softening and is thus a surgical diagnosis not a clinical diagnosis. Obtain a current diagnosis of your anterior knee pain to plan treatment
554204	Bloated, and very frequent diarrhea and loose stools.  Does this sound like IBS or mabye parasitic worms? I've been dealing with it for a while now.	See physicain Unliklely to be worms, but workup for inflammatory bowel disease is important.
90888	Okay so yesterday went to kiss my bf when he was sleeping and he wokeup and his head hit my nose it made a loudcrack it has a bump tender pressure?	Nose trauma May well have broken it. The sooner you have it checked , the easier it will be to set if it's dislocated, otherwise will be crooked and need surg. If you're cosmetically self conscious.
1079638	Can montelkaust, allegra and fluticasone nasal spray be combined?	Yes They work in different ways, and are often used in combination for severe allergies.
1521466	Has a wisdom tooth removed about 4 months ago.  but some of the tooth is pushing thru.  could It cause temple pain eye pain neck pain and dizziness?	See Dentist Probably not tooth, probably a spicule of bone. See the Dentist or Oral Surgeon who removed the wisdom tooth for evaluation.
1072156	Can hydroxyzine really help with anxiety?	Yes, very much so Hydroxyzine can be very helpful for anxiety but it does take a while to get used to the sedative effect. That can take anywhere from a week or two but in the long haul it is very much worth it especially if you're dealing with generalized anxiety. Best wishes.
1598591	I ovulated from the 17th to the 22nd Had unprotected sex the 17th and 18th. Cramps started 2 days after carried until today the 30th. Pregnancy?	You think? Pregnancy is an obvious result of unprotected intercourse. If that is your case ,then, duh you can be pregnant. Do a pregnancy test.
1387051	What causes alogodystrophy? I have severe pain and swelling on top of left foot. Had a fracture / surgery on left ankle 2 years ago, is it related?	Not caused by trauma If concerned C Ur PCP 4 a start & if evaluation is done & there's a ?, he/her can refer U.
6657196	Why is it that when i gain weight, my arms and legs continue to get bigger  but my breast are still the same size?	Glandular tissue... Breast tissue is mostly glandular tissue rather than fatty tissue. The glandular tissue is designed to produce milk and only enlarges as a result of hormonal stimulus such as occurs during pregnancy. Gaining weight won't cause the glandular tissue in the breast to enlarge. Best wishes!
1360593	Doctors, what is the difference between torn ACL and knee reconstruction?	A torn acl is a specific diagnosis of the anterior cruciate ligament being torn in your knee. You typically do an ACL reconstruction to restore function to your knee. the term "KNEE RECONSTRUCTION" is a general term and could mean anything from ligament repair to cartilage restoration or even knee replacement and fracture fixation..
6694278	I've had super white vaginal discharge. Soft honey consistensy.increased when I pee.No sml.no itch.But more than normal.had it for a month.Std?yeast?	See a doctor Very difficult to judge the cause based on what you say. Every new or uneplained increased vaginal discharge needs medical care if the cause isn't obvious. As you suggest yourself, possibilities include STDs (gonorrhea, chlamydia, trichomonas) if you're at risk (and many 21 yr old women are). Yeast and bacterial vaginosis also are possible. See your doctor. Good luck!
980664	Can ssri meds for anxiety depression cause cardiac problems? If do which 1s can. Prozac. Celexa. Xanax.	Not usually Causing a cardiac problem is not one of the common side effects or adverse reactions of ssris. Xanax is not one; it is a benzodiazepine with addictive potential.
6694907	My B12 levels are very elevated. I've been experiencing numbness in my feet and headaches since B12 got so high. Are these symptoms of the HI levels?	Unlikely But elevated B12 levels may be caused by small intestinal bacterial overgrowth which can cause bloating, gas, and abdominal pain, as well as change in bowel habits. You should ask your doctor for more information.
265624	Does it hurt to get a biopsy for a tumor on your parotid gland?	Pain with biopsy A fine needle aspiration biopsy is done with a local anesthetic. It is not without discomfort but most patients tolerate it quite well.
1547640	After oily meal fast heart rate chest and shoulder pain if i was walking then sat down.holter cardiac echo cardiac CT w contrast stress tst ok??	Lesson Sounds like you've been through the gamut of testing and while there are numerous other tests that you might endure, I would suggest something simple: don't eat oily meals!! In fact, there may be a few foods that simply don't agree with you and I recommend you pay attention when certain foods cause you symptoms. Also, speak with your doctor about seeing a nutritionist and possibly an allergist.
1547646	I've had tonsillitis, rash, fever, swollen glands. Now ulcers on my tonsils and one on inside of vaginal labia.Is the vaginal one related? Def not STI	Possible It is possible that you have something called Bechet's syndrome which has both oral and vaginal manifestations. It is ALS possible that if you have cold sores ( herpes labialis) you can transfer the virus to the genital area on your fingers and develop genital herpes. Hope this is of some help and you feel better fast.
1131058	Lower back, legs, spine and shoulders hurt. Temp of 100.5, woke up with cough and sore throat/lungs. Dull headache. Had a flu shot. Any ideas?	Sounds like flu symp Even though u have had a flu shot u r not sure of 100% protection from the flu. Treat it as such. But if u r not improving or develop new symptoms such as neck pain with head movement or neck flexion, c ur pcp right away.
1230570	Had unprotected sex 4 days aftr period.10 days b4 period, hav lower bck pain, lower abdominal pain, strong sense of smell, nausea, 2days ago cramps. Y?	If you miss your Period do a pregnancy test.
1355995	Does all pre-eclampsia comes with high blood pressure and with protein in urine?	Yes These two are required for a diagnosis of pre-eclapsia. You may consult this site for info on this subject. http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/preeclampsia-eclampsia
403900	My daughter had a premature birth w/ her first child due to high BP +vprotein in her urine. Will her 2nd pregnant be more high risk? My daughter has just discovered she is pregnant for the second time. Her first pregnancy 5 years ago ended up with a 3 wee	Yes Yes her 2nd pregnancy will be considered high risk as it sound like she had pre-eclampsia or what some will call toxiemia. Her doctor will monitor her closely for signs of elevated BP and proteinuria and also make sure that if she has gestational diabetes, that she is treated and monitored for it. About 3 percent of women have pre-eclampsia and 7 percent have gestional diabetes with pregnancy so it is common enough that most ob/gyn doctors are comfortable managing patients with who end up having high blood pressure or diabetes in pregnancy. Best wishes.
1195882	Docsays heart is fine.  Have anxiety causing chest pain & arm numbness. Also have esophagus probs. Can  anxiety cause left arm burning? Indigestion?	Panic symptoms like Heart attacks. (shortness of breath, heart palpitations, sweating, etc) with normal ecg. Learn2relax your breathing. Practice when u r not having a panic attack so that when it occurs u will be prepared2use the relaxed breathing2calm yourself. At the same time remind yourself, it will pass, u r not having a heart attack or other physical problem. Therapists can teach u other relaxation techniques.
839849	Docs just  bcuz i got hit n da head with keys & it caused lasceration &1 staple to da right side head& i got 3 CT n 1 year am i goin 2 get brain tumor?	Not due to what you Described. Head trauma and cts do not measurably increase the incidence of brain cancer.
1541998	My 6 year old has scarlet fever, he's on amoxicillin and Benadryl. Can I give him Tylenol or ibuprofen too?	Definitley tylenol at the recommended dosage on the label. Ibuprofen probably safe, but it has more side effects than tylenol.
673977	L5-s1 central disc protrusion encroaches  both s1 nerve roots. L4-5 disc protrusion indents thecal sac. Right neural frontal narrowing at l4-5 l5-s1?	Radicular symptoms? The report shows some spinal stenosis. However treatment is guided by your symptoms and respons to therapy.Pain management, pt and surgical management if conservative treatment fails.
1162834	I have lupus -but my doctor never checks me urine ;but she does a cbc, cmp, esr, complements, cpk, bun, and creatinine. Should i be concerned w/ no ua?	Urine in lupus Lupus is known to affect the kidneys, however, not in every patient. If there is a concern that your kidneys are affected, you doc should check your urine. It sounds she checks your kidney function by way of creatinine, so she monitors kidney function already. If you have any symptoms related to your kidneys - frequency, urgency, bloody/cloudy urine you need to bring them up to your doc.
484397	I have bad headache and nausea.Missed my period by 2months.Home pregnancy test is negative.I had 2drops blood from my vagina now.Help me.Am i pregnant?	Pregnancy possible The possibility exists. If you are one week late and still haven't had your menses, you should perform a home pregnancy test. If it is negative, repeat in one week.
1455983	EKG, enzymes, chest xray, and stress test ALL GOOD. 21, active. I've been getting random onsets of heart palpitations for years. Should I be worried?	No But mention it to your doc. Do you have any other symptoms with your palpitations: lightheadedness, nausea, etc. Are they related to physical exercise or use of your inhalers? Keep a log with when they come. Take it to your doc.
1062444	What is the cause of lower abdominal pain that is more so on the right side? Other sym: severe nausea, vomiting, diarrhea	See a doctor It sounds as if you are quite ill and should undergo a full evaluation that cannot be done long-distance. You need to be seen face to face and have this assessed. If you were not seen by a doctor at urgent care, go to er.
947746	When you get off of the Depo-Provera and you start a period but its just spotting and dark blood, does it mean that you still ovulate? And when would you know?	No Very difficult to know. The effects of depo can last up to 18 months after stopping the shot, especially if you are on it long term. Most women begin having normal periods within 9 months. Only bloodwork and ultrasound can reliably monitor what bis going on.
894717	My patient has blood pressure 60/45 for the last 2 days.. Pulse 68 res 16 and very fatigue.. He is 91 year old man.. Chest & urine clear. Temp normal?	Evaluation He should be evaluated for hypotension right away. He could have septic, cardiogenic, or neurogenic shock. He could be profoundly dehydrated. There could also be errors in how his BP is checked. Recommend professional evaluation.
539097	My throat hurts and spit is brown with some red. Does this mean i'm getting the flu?	Throat pain evaluati Your sputum may be due to a post nasal drip or you may have an upper respiratory infection. He can check you out to see if you are getting the flu or if you are suffering from another malady the possibility of a strep throat also exists..This can be determined by culture.
1234386	What to do for itchy, sore bottom eyelid? It's  red with white pimple too?	Many possible causes There are many things that could cause the skin to itch. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1076817	Is lactic acid based intimate hygiene wash (vagina wash) for women, good for men foreskin wash, to avoid penis foreskin itchiness ?	No. Lactic acid can be irritating, especially on sensitive penis skin.
840209	Can Alli weight loss drug combined with sun exposure, dehydration, caffeine and moderate alcohol consumption cause someone to collapse? Bad experience	Yes Probably because you have several factors present that would cause dehydration in the setting of this medication.
1181134	After having my blood pressure + blood sugar levels checked i'm still unsure what could be causing my tingling sensations in hands + feet any thought?	Carpal tunnel If you spend a great deal of time in front of computer, you may have carpal tunnel syndrome.
536876	I had a lump on my breast that was sore but then it seem to pop should I be concerned or get it checked out?	Continue to check Breast cysts can come and go. You didn't say your age, but if the lump went away completely, it's not likely to be anything serious. Best to be aware of your breasts, and to see your doctor if a lump persists.
1187416	My vagina smells like fish what can I do?	See doctor May be infection which needs antibiotics called bacterial vaginosis.
1221697	Doctors, can I completely rule out pregnancy/stop worrying if my blood test for hCG came back: <2 (got my blood taken out 5 weeks after last encounter)?	Yes A pregnancy test 5 weeks after sex is accurate. You are not pregnant.
285392	I popped a pimple on my upper lip.  The doctor said I didn't need antibiotics but it isnt healing.  What should I do?  It looks like a small hole	Depends how long Pimples per se do not generally develop on the lip itself which suggests that the process might be heretic (cold sore, fever blister). It can take 5 days or so to heal if that is the case.
6775060	Cannot get surgery on my completely torn ACL until December (first year medical student). My knee is still very swollen and painful. What can I do?	Knee pain Get prescription antiinflammatories such as meloxicam
6720261	Can celexa be working against  me... been on it for 15 years ... last 2 years 40mg.... I am having panic attacks and anxiety. ... on ativan too now since hospital visit... I also been smoking over a year  .... almost a pack a day ... plus coffee every mor	Are you in therapy? In some rare situations the Celexa could be creating a problem such as if you had a bipolar condition. There are other medications and therapy approaches which may be used for panic attacks and anxiety. The coffee may work against you and of course smoking can be quite dangerous.The important thing here is that you have a psychiatric evaluation and develop a treatment plan.
6778288	I am having a lot of abdominal pain in the lower right quadrant. I have had my gallbladder looked at and it is functioning normal, but there is a weird orange oil that is commonly in my stool. Could I have an injury in the bile duct area?	Stool sample May want to take stool sample and send to lab for stool check for blood.
1559661	What can you tell me about an angiogram? What does it consist of?	Blood vessel study An angiogram is a test done to visualize the inside of blood vessels, most commonly to look for blockage or narrowing that may affect blood flow to an organ or extremity. Usually an iodine based contrast in injected directly into the vessel through a catheter in a cath lab or interventional radiology suite. Some types of angiograms can be done non-invasively in a CT or MR scanner.
1445005	Norm ecg,stressecho,agatston score of .5, BP 120-135/80-85, felt right upper chest pain near pit and shoulder pain. Heart related? salonpas helpd lil.	Probably not From what it seems like it might be Musculoskeletal. As far as chest pain coming from the heart is concerned, a stress echo is very specific and a good test to pick underlying disorder up. SO if that is negative you can be rest assured that probability of this coming from the heart is minimum. Of course you are a young person with a normal BP, so that also goes against it.
1532803	Ringing in ears, slight headache, dizzy/spinning/vertigo feeling when sitting still. No fever. Eyes feel heavy/tired. ?	Could Be benign positional vertigo. Inner ear stones can cause this phenomenon. Other things such as ear infections, sinus infections can also contribute. You should be examined to confirm or rule out all of these possibilities. Good luck.
929865	What could clear filled bumps in mouth be?One in jaw and 3 near tonsil area. Dont have tonsils. Had recent dental work. They are  small clear bumps	Blocked duct They are probably just some minor salivary glands that are filling up with saliva because the duct opening is clogged.
1271177	I was hospitalized for 2 days due to my abdominal pain. Doctors told me i had a complex 7cm ovarian cysts. Will it go away, or do I need surgery?	Depends... Ovarian cysts are best handled by an ob/gyn. The symptoms can be improved sometimes with over-the-counter medications and prescription birth control pills. They are typically more troublesome about 2 weeks after your period is finished (when ovulating). They can cause discomfort and potentially life-threatening bleeding if they rupture. They don't typically resolve spontaneously.
1548614	Having muscle spams in left chest area above breast close to arm pit. Doesn't hurt unless I touch it. Also on my period right now.	OK. Spasms can happen when a muscle gets irritated or overworked - or sometimes they can occur for almost no reason at all.
1552927	A month or 45days back, I noticed a twitch/tremor in my left hand 2-3times. Don't know what it was.'m 22, could it be early onset parkinsons?	Does this mean your hand twitched 2 to 3 times? If yes, than it may be of no clinical significance. Take care.
437123	Missed period. Its been 11days but still no period, my cycle is 29-33. Itchy breast and slight headache am i pregnant?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Purchase and perform a home pregnancy test. These usuallly turn positive when you're about a week late. If it's negative, repeat in a week and call your doctor.
6757139	Hi doc im a 19 yr old female. I had a very sore bump on my scalp that has pus and yelowish stuff coming out. I was put on clindamycin. That made the sore on my scalp go down but i also accumulated with the infection dizziness lightheadedness swollen lymph	Below The swollen lymph gland is secondary to the infection. But the dizziness and lightheadedness is not. If this continues then you will need to see your DR again. Warm moist packs to the swollen gland will give some pain relief.
1149534	Is it true that taking amoxicillin with Advil and hydrocodone is ok?	Yes In appropriate doses.
1118585	Today i woke up with chills, aches and a headache but no fever. Had diarrhea, burping a lot as well. Very hungry but when eating get stomach pains?	Viral syndrome Sounds like a virus to me. Drink fluids to replace lost fluid from diarrhea. Can take Motrin or tylenol for aches and pains. If not better in a couple days see your doctor.
1242480	Could you tell me why my heart feels weird after taking a blood pressure medicine?	Symptom Not enough information to know if the medication is related to your feeling wierd.
1283773	For almost 3  years now all the fingers and thumbs on both hands feel numb and uncomfortable to the touch.  I don use machines or type much.  I do  ha?	DIABETES? Diabetes can do that, some type of neuropathy. See a doctor to do an exam and poss some testing.
6728607	I had a sore throat with white spots and also sores on my gums. Couldn't eat solid foods for week bc of pain. Blood work ruled out STDs and not strep?	Thrush A sore throat with white spots and sores on your gums sounds like thrush. Blood tests can rule out some but not all STDs. A specific test is necessary to rulr out chlamydia and gonorrhea. The other possibility is a viral infection. You need to discuss these possibilities with the person who you have been seeing to know which is going on in your case. Hope this helps.
1167196	Could a bed wedge help reduce snoring?	It may help Snoring and sleep apnea can have many causes and thus many different treatments can have good results. Usually it is caused by a narrow or constriction in the airway and loose tissue that vibrates with the movement of air past it. The wedge may help position you in such a way that the airway is more open. Often an oral appliance can do the same thing much like when CPR is administered.
6684283	I'm feeling a pain when I push on a bone in my upper chest and I have night sweats occasionally and some times I have I feel little lumps on my  neck?	Costochondritis Chest pain that is reproducible by pressing on the breast bone(sternum) is usually caused by costochondritis. This is an inflammatory condition of the cartilage at the junction of a rib and the sternum. Can be difficult to treat. NSAIDs and rest. See you doctor.
608224	Does putting a yeast infection cream on my vagina ok?Coz as what i knew that ther shud be a certain right amount of pH level in that area, can it affect	Okay Okay but you still may need advice evaluation by your gynecologist.
1271210	I have had cough with phlegm since last sunday/7/days. No fever or anything.Now I have congested nose and still phlegm.Can drs hear a chest infection?	Yes A chest x ray is a diagnosis test helpful to rule out any lower respiratory infection ik.
850328	Urgent! feeling like heart beats are skipping or hearing like a bubble popping noise no sob or chest pain cause?History: tachy hbp	Cardiography should Depending upon age or risk factors, you should have ekg and thyroid function checked, if any doubt, then 24 hr holter or event recorder can be used, .
1025491	I did a liver profile test :
alkaline phosphatase 47.1 u/l
aspartate aminotransferase (sgot )39 u/l alanine transaminase (sgpt)53.7 u/l?	Get a follow-up Expect these to be repeated iwth you off alcohol and any meds you don't truly need. There may be a hepatitis, iron overload, wilson's ; maybe autoimmue hepatitis workup in your future. You also list B12 ; vitamin d deficiency; i trust these are being managed ; the causes identified.
644669	I've had a swollen lymph node in my neck for a year, but now have swollen ones in my knee and palate. Why? Labs were normal 9 months ago.	Not Sure Swollen lymph glands that stay enlarged are always a concern. There are many possible causes, some serious like cancer, some less serious, like a chronic infection, and some not so serious, like allergies. You need to get this checked out. Lab tests alone may not reveal a problem. Sometimes a biopsy of the node may be necessary. Don't wait, get seen by your doctor.
1319055	Latest Blood Lab Result: (Low) Protein, Total, Serum: 5.7 G/DL 
Albumin, Serum: 4.1 G/DL 
Globulin, Total: 1.6 G/DL 
(High) A/g RATIO 2.6 -concerns?	No All laboratory results need to be interpreted in the clinical context and the doctor who ordered the tests is usually in the best position to do that. Having said that, your lab results do not point to any cause for concern.
495659	I had lab test done on my eye were i had a staph infection.. I receive the call that told me that i had mrsa... They didn't seem to concerned about it?	MRSA Mrsa means methicliin resistant staph aureus. This is a baceria that has developed resistance to the common antibiotics that kill it. However it has not developed resistance to all antibiotics. Perhaps your doctor is treating you withone of the antibiotics that can kill this germ.
1227397	I had an ovarian cyst rupture a month ago & i still feel stomach discomfort , lots of discharge , gas & bloated , what's wrong ? I'm scared :(	See doctor I see you've asked a lot of questions on healthtap about this ovarian cyst rupture that you've had. I would recommend that you make an appointment with your gynecologist to discuss, possibly have and exam and possibly another ultrasound to ease your mind. There's only so much we doctors on healthtap can address without physically seeing you. Best of luck!
718029	Tender hard lump less than dime size on left front neck ?Tendons?... Tight muscles both sides. Pain down to shoulder when touched. Not like lymph lump	Get it checked A long list of things can cause a lump like that - some more serious than others. Since it is painful, you should have it evaluated by your doctor.
1030181	Ibs like symptoms as well as autoimmune ones no crohns, colitis bloodwork doesn't show anything abnormal other than low positive ANA what doc can help?	go pcp and test done I think we need additional information about your test other than ANA test which showed minimal positive which you can see normal individuals. Do you have diarrhea, any blood in stool, weight loss, any GI intervention in the past? These are we need to know about your illness. Besides need to do panelof blood test for all ibd and metabolic panels.I suggest go to your pcp and get test done.
693647	Had CT brain angio mon. Aneurysm is 6m not 8m as MRI indicated. I need a heart CT angio before surgery is this ok  so soon after brain ct?	Yes If any intervention is required , follow the advise of your doctors , neglect may cause disaster . Recent advanced techniques, highly trained professionals , results are superb. Good luck.
1596447	Had brown bleeding with both the Nexplanon and Depo-Provera for a year My doctor put me on .5mg of estradiol for 21 days what are the odds this will help?	Good add back estrogen is effective at helping with breakthrough bleeding that occurs with the majority of women using progesterone only birth control. It almost always lessens the bleeding but does not usually cure the problem. Most women will experience recurrent spotting after stopping the supplemental estrogen. However, most women will eventually stop the spotting with no treatment at all, patience
1401212	My period is 4 days late i have cramps and sore breast and am nauseas on and off.. am i pregnant?	Possibly Unfortunately, it is impossible to diagnose pregnancy over the internet just based on symptoms. Please either take a home test or see your doctor for an office pregnancy test to find out for sure.
1406245	Red shiny spots and peeling on my penis. What could it be? Not sexually active	Actually many things see dermatologist or urologist for diagnosis and treatment
689045	4/1 went to ER ovarian cyst rupture still sore to touch  and now brown discharge can I have sex or is something still wrong?	Better wait Pain will go away later. The discharge should be resolved later too. It is better to wait until the discharge resolves.
1159261	Am i on my period or pregnancy spotting? I'm sexually active, im 8 days late & i just started bleeding. I took a at home pregnancy test and it was neg	Likely period By 8 days late a pregnancy test very likely would be positive if you were pregnant. So good chance that the spotting is the beginning of your period. Sometimes normal variation or stress can cause a period to be late. Are you doing something to prevent pregnancy? If you're not ready for pregnancy do something to prevent.
1162650	I have patellar tendonitis in my right knee and last night i noticed I have a dent in the middle of my knee. I was wondering if that is normal or not.	Probably normal You are probably noticing a normal variation in knee anatomy. If you have any concern, you should have it looked at by your doctor.
6793964	What does it mean when you have a Severely itchy throat continuously coughing?	Itchy throat May be post nasal drip. Make sure you do not have sinusitis.
6721027	30,M.BMI22Chronic knee pain1yr Sitting on chair and bending knees increases while mild squats reduces painI sit long duration to studyMRI- NAD.Reason?	Knee pain It sounds like you have patellofemoral syndrome given the knee pain but it could be osteoarthritis being that it is involving both of your knees. And MRI would reveal any form of ligament tear do you have the results of this? For for starters I would get x-rays to evaluate if you have osteoarthritis first.
6646999	Teenager, sent home from school with stomach bug. No vomiting/diarrhea, but nausea, cramps, sharp pains on both sides/back. Need a doc or just a bug?	Need a doc Symptoms can be a variety of things such as gas, kidney infection, gallstones, onset of period, effects of spoiled food, etc. Keep track of symptoms, especially fever and pain with urination. If these develop, call your physician.
940756	People tell me when i get my uterus and cervix removed soon, will not be sexually active anymore and i will have to take meds. Is that true?	Depends First of all it also depends on whether you have your ovaries removed. Possible hormone replacement can mean estrogen, progesterone, and testosterone. They do very different things and effects after surgery are highly variable.
557329	I have a dry cough deep in my chest and my throat hurts bad its burning my mouth...Whats wrong?	Infection? How long have you had this? It may be a bad cold. But if you have had this for a long time, see your doctor.
1197102	Today when i pee, i pee and at end let out a white fluid i think is semen , butburns , and iam not active sexually at this moments .Penis itchy too	Penile symptoms Since you have been sexually active it is best you be seen by a doctor to rule that out. Your urine will need to be tested as well for infection.
1215179	I recetly started the daily contraceptive pill after becoming sexually active. After my period, a bad smelling yellowish discharge. What could it be?	Check it out See your doc. Probably bacterial over growth.
1408598	I noticed that my lymph nodes in my arm pits are swollen and sore but I feel fine, I don't have a family dr, should I got to a walkin or wait it out?	See Family Physician It does not sound like a problem that can't wait until you see a Family Physician in the next couple of days who can examine you do some blood studies and refer you to a specialist if needed. FP's can provide continuity of care that you will probably need. Ask friends for a doc's name or Google Family Physician in your town. Don't procrastinate.
6765549	I have massive hair loss its extreme i can easily see am balding please help me am just 19 is it bc of dht shud i consume lots of black tea? please help	Find the cause... One's primary care doctor can check for medical causes. If none are found, then one can see a dermatologist, especially one specializing in hair restoration (some treatments: Minoxidil, etc, ...). Medical causes may include: hormonal problems (low thyroid), seborrhea, alopecia areata, stressful illness. Other causes: genetic male or female pattern baldness, telogen effluvium.
1215177	I diagnosed with 2 ovarian cyst 6cm on right ovary twisted could that cause my miscarriage?	No The torsion of the ovary doesn't usually cause a miscarriage. Are you pregnant?
6610112	Have a bad cold virus. Green mucus coming out nose, lungs. Have an eye infection in both eyes. Sore throat. Went to clinic. When to be concerned?	If no improvement in 1week
1261415	How rare is colon cancer in a 28 year old male it runs in the family  I have had constipation it goes away and comes back there is no blood in stool.	Depends Colon cancer is rare at your age. It is prudent to get screening colonoscopy at an age ten years younger than the lowest age at which any family member was diagnosed with colon cancer.
330516	I have a itchy rash for 3wks that i got from a body wrap. It started on my thighs and now has spread to my legs, lower back, and arms. Please help.	Use steroid cream It seems you have an acute case of contact dermatitis and may need to see your doctor asap as it is spreading meanwhile take over the counter Benadryl to control the itching and use 1%hydrocortisone cream locally till you see your doctor you may need stronger steroid cream and/or oral or injecteble steroids.
375727	At 11:30 pm i take one 10mg zolpidem for insomnia. I always wake up five hours later and can't get back to sleep can you help me i also take one 100mg of trazodone, i also take .50mg of alprazolam
every 4 hours not to exceed 4mg in 24 hours. Is there anyt	You You may have already tried not drinking caffeine after noon, not exercising too close to bedtime, and not using your computer or tv within an hour of bedtime. Consider adding "white noise" such as a fan. Be sure that your room is cool and not overly warm. Eating light during the day, then having a larger meal at around 7 pm or so can be helpful. Some conditions such as depression can cause early morning awakening, so if you have any symptoms of depression please tell your doctor. If your sleep problems are ongoing, you may need a different type of sleep medication at your doctor's recommendation.
1443893	Woke up to terrible burning in chest between breasts, dry cough, feeling of bubbles in the throat.  What causes this?	Chest X ray you should see your doctor to be exam and have chest X ray to be sure you do not have pneumonia .
6610118	On 12/31/14 & 1/1/15 had unprotected sex with bf. A week later nausea with dizziness. This week back pain ,fatigue, sore breast and nipples?	Pregnancy Pregnancy is certainly a possibility if you had unprotected intercourse. If your period is abnormal or late, check a pregnancy test and, if it is negative and your period still hasn't started, repeat it in 3-5 days. Best wishes.
399645	I am 21 and my period is always on time and always the same. 3 days ago my period came on time but is dark brown. Whats wrong?! im only spotting and there is no sign of red blood its only dark brown and my period is never this way. I am sexually active co	If If your period is lighter in amount or a darker color, then taking a pregnancy test is reasonable and may put your mind at rest. If you have discharge, then contact your physician for an evaluation. You may want to consider starting an oral contraceptive or an implantable form of birth control like Implanon or mirena, but the only way to prevent infection is using a condom.
749911	Late by 3days then got small period stil have sore breast and heavy bloating feeling and very emotional could i be pregnant ?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1133986	Could you pick up genital herpes simplex 2 from someone who has oral herpes simplex 1?	No Its going to be genital herpes simplex 1.
245381	Are these  panic attacks or seizures  1.Muscles jumping sometimes like in shoulder or arms 2.Dizziness 3.Headaches in temple 4 andrenaline rushes?	Not sure It does not sound like a panic attack, as you say there is muscle twitching which isn't any of the panic attack criteria. I would say it could be some sort of physical problem and should be addressed by a physician for further evaluation. Good luck.
950527	38wks pregnant & hav vaginal itch its not intense it doesn't bother me but i no its there im not sexually active and no burning no discharge?	Vaginal itch It shouldn't be a major concern. It won't hurt if you touch base with your ob-gyn for a possible otc vaginal cream.
1567915	Hair transplantation: Half dollar sized bald spot top back part of scalp due to pattern baldness. What to do besides shaving head?	Another option Hi. Hair transplantation and shaving your head are NOT the only options for a small bald spot. Let me suggest to you what most men do...live with it and do nothing about it! It will do you no harm.
6781224	2weeks PP.Vag delivery no complications.Light/no bleeding 4 days after birth.Now on and off red blood like period/quarter clots. Terrified. Normal?	Call OB Sometimes one can have leftovers of the placenta or other tissues postpartum still present in the uterus. While some bleeding is expected after delivery, clots and heavy bleeding should be reported to your obstetrician immediately. I suggest you call and describe what you are experiencing to them and let the decide what should be done next. Congratulations on your new baby. Keep calm and call OB.
225810	I've had multiple brain scans - ct, mra, mri.  Have dizzy / fogginess and pressure in head worsened by bending over. All caused by allergies?	Dizziness The most important point is a history of what you mean by 'dizzy' , time of day and other factors including medications, over the counter supplements, and allergies. A careful examination with blood pressures in both arms as well as changes in blood pressure and pulse from lying to sitting to standing as part of a basic physical examination would be good. Consult an internist or neurologist.
883812	Is it possible to get pregnant after a tubal ligation and endometrial ablation? I've been having nausea, sore breasts and fatigue a lot lately.	Hopefully not At 33 years of age, your chances of pregnancy after tubal ligation are somewhere around 1 in 300. When you add that you've had an ablation on top of that, your chances decrease even more. I don't have a number for that. While never 0%, very very low that you're pregnant. Take a test, but i bet it's negative. See md if your nausea and fatigue persist!
1386459	Recently I've gotten a skin rash that looks like ringworms..also the back of my hands peel and my. Body tingles all over...this morning the back upper?	See doctor for evaluation and diagnosis so that you can get appropriate treatment.
334236	What does it mean when you have red bumps from vagina to anus and it burns your lips when you pee with yellow milkey discharge?	Please get tested It might be due to different reason. From skin, hair follicle infection to herpes, or trichomona are in differential diagnoses. Please see your doctor.
1448389	For a year Ive had nausea after eating, diarrhoea, heartburn, indigestion, headaches, absent periods and fatigue. Not pregnant. Dr prescribed domperidone but said nothing. Had ovary scan and mild PCOS?	Need information Those are symptoms that need to be addressed. There just isnt enough information. I would want lab tests, such as thyroid, and sugar testing. stomach tests such as upper GI and gallbladder test, Your physical exam should also reveal more. PCOS would lend itself to endocrine problems, such as sugar and thyroid, weight gain, hair growth and is very common, 1 in 20 women.
1555801	I took cipro for Trav. Diarrhea two weeks ago, I then became constipated. Now the last two days I've had severe bloating, waves of abdominal pain?	Constipation I recommend that you insert a glycerin rectal suppository and/or give yourself a fleets enema in view of your abdominal discomfort and bloating. I don't recommend a laxative stimulant by mouth as you seem to need treatment that works from below. If increased abdominal discomfort and distension or vomiting occurs, you'll need urgent evaluation and treatment. Senokot by mouth is ok if no pain,bloat.
6741664	Stiff fingers, hand feels weak, dizzy, tingly hands/feet, tremors all over, muscle twitching, trouble finding words. Had MRI's&Bld tsts. ALS?	Many issues You describe a multitude of symptoms, and may possess a peripheral neuropathy. Unlikely that you have ALS, which is quite rare. An EMG study might help, but better yet, see a neurologist, and uncover your diagnosis.
642545	Took metrodoniazole/flagyl for 7 days to treat BV but still have white discharge with no odor. No itching. No inflammation. Just discharge.	Yeast infection? Check for yeast infection with your gyn doctor! good luck!
1082933	Swollen glands and tonsils, ear and neck pain. What does this sound like?	Tonsillitis Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils. Signs and symptoms of tonsillitis include swollen tonsils, sore throat, difficulty swallowing and tender lymph nodes on the sides of the neck (neck pain). See your pcp for examination and treatment.
555678	I use this acne face wash on my face. How else can I get rid of acne? Does lavender soap help?	Depends on product What's in the face wash? Is it a synthetic detergent or does it contain benzoyl peroxide? Mild detergents can be combined with other treatments such as benzoyl peroxide and antibiotics to help heal acne lesions. Avoid harsh soaps that may irritate the skin. See your family doctor or a dermatologist to find a treatment program that is best for you.
580502	D.R, I have headache in last of the neck and is become hot and comes to up from the head after this pain my eye burn me i want the cause and treatment	Too vague When it started? How log pain lasts? When does it happen?
972361	What is causing a burning sensation from the back right side or rib cage kidneys to the front left or right rib cage by gall bladder?	Burning pain Nerve problem, likely from thoracic spine. Also consider costochondritis.
505933	I have a 16 month old son that has had a 102 to103 degree fever for 24 hours now accompanied by an occasional bad cough sounds like chest congestion?	Stable? As long as he is not in pain, taking fluids well and more or less acting normally, this does not sound as if it is an emergency. If this changes or he is having breathing difficulties, call your doctor right away.Or if fever more than 3-4 days.
1263668	I had anterior/posterior fusion l5-s1 in 2001. Spinal stenosis and ddd  herniated disk l3/4 in 2009. Is it possible to now be developing arachnoiditis?	Quite possible It's definitely possible. An epidural steroid injection or spinal cord stimulator may help tremendously. But first, one would have to be properly evaluated by a spine specialist (pm;r, orthopedic spine surgeon or neurosurgeon) and diagnosed with that.
1284109	I have a burning sensation in chest right below left breast comes and goes I have no heart problems except heart murmur whar could cause this?	Costochondritis Hi! there are several things that could cause similar symptoms. It could simply be inflammation of the skin (rash?) or of the cartiliage which joins the ribs to the sternum which is called costochondritis and sometimes responds well to Ibuprofen or anaprox. If so, usually goes away on its own after awhile. Good luck! dr b.
336588	Had a period on august 15th 2012 got on Depo-Provera that day and this last 2 weeks having pregnancy symptoms.  Even felt movement. Chance of pregnancy?	Not likely Not likely at all. However, you can do a pregnancy test to be sure.
1517135	I am 16 years old and my vagina is super itchy and burns mainly the inside. I am sexually active my partners penis is also itchy what could this be?	An STD or yeast i would suggest you both go to your physician for a check to see what it actually is.
1543937	Went to the doctor about 2 months ago for pain in my elbow when I rotate my hand palm up. He said it was a bicep strain. 2 months later it still hurts?	2 months Two months is a long time to have such elbow pain but I agree what pain upon "supination" or moving your elbow is consistent with a biceps injury. You should have a repeat physical exam - the best treatment for biceps strain is initial rest followed by stretching and strengthening exercises.
1447576	left ear infection & jaw pain on left side. When I lay down on left side,hear what sound like a pulse top of ear.Stops when lay on other side.why?	See your doctor You may have an outer ear or a bad inner ear infection. Esp. if you have jaw pain. It may be referred pain from swelling in the canal or if you have an inner ear infection it may be spreading from ear to jaw. Get checked.
1407111	A week ago I started fluoxetine 10mg for anxiety/panic and it is starting to help but I am having a hard time sleeping.is there anything I can take?	Morning take the prozac in the morning as sometimes it can affect sleep. try melatonin for sleep which is found over the counter. however it is best to discuss this with your physician.
795297	I'm 47 with regular cycles. I had sex on the ovulation day. The day after, one day before my aunt flo was due, i got a lot of creamy cervical mucus. I feel tired, my breasts feel full and have mild cramps in the abdomen. Is this a sign of pregnancy?	It's possible. Do a home pregnancy test. Take care!
1519860	I was supposed to be due for my period today but nothing.ive had white yellowish discharge,headaches,back ache,acne and bloating.could i be pregnant?	That is possible if you have been sexually active. Go ahead and take a home pregnancy test. Take care.
1402436	The side of my jaw is hurting right below my ear, and cannot open my mouth all the way plus sounds like sand inside could it be tmj?	TMJ issues the sand sound is like a gravel that is crepitis. If the jaw was injured (or slept on funny) the muscles could be in spasm and that would limit the opening. Inflammation adds fluid to the area behind the joint and can impact on range of motion
486438	I'm on roprol for tachycardia and high bld press. I've had many ekgs. A heart ultra sound. Multiple holster monitors and an event monitor for over a month and a CT scan angiogram, everything was normal. Every time i stand up i black out for a few seconds	See MD Or get 2nd opinion. You could have pots!
1094448	Could bruxism cause extrem ear pain and hurting gums? My eye also has pressure to it. 1.9cm node in my neck and hurts neck. No infection. Fna 4 days.	Yes it can See a dentist for an evaluation.
961027	I'm 36 weeks pregnant and have an itchy rash on my arms and thighs. I also itch under my belly where my pants sit..	Pupp rash Sounds like the "rash of pregnancy". Many women get an itchy red rash for no known reason. Your OB can make recommendations such as epsom baths and even benadryl.
382875	Three fingers and the right half of the back of my hand is swollen bruised and numb from friday night. It appears to have gotten worse. The numbness makes it difficult to type although the more i type it seems to be feeling a little better. Whats my best	I I am concerned that you might have a fracture (broken bone). You can try oral pain medications such as advil or tylenol, but it is very concerning that with swelling and numbness that you may have a serious injury. If the bones in are hand are rotated from a break and aren't repaired properly, then it can cause permanent problems. Please be medically evaluated.
6697817	I have cramps, feel bloated and get a pulling feeling in my tummy on a night, also mild back acheand a lot of discharge from whute but can be yellow with no smell. Is this a sign of pregnancy? Ovulated on the 21st of April and had sex 2 days before. Thank	D/c cramps You could be pregnant check urine blood HCG but back pain at this stage and cramping is not usual you may have an associated either urinary or vaginal infection. Follow up with doctor urgent care
6636889	Got extremely dizzy couldn't hardly walk, broke out sweating and heart racing.  Blood pressure 158/91?	Need to be seen With your symptoms, you need to seen for exam. This could be an inner ear problem with the dizziness, but with the BP you need to be seen to rule out other possibilities. Please get this done today Good Luck
553530	Frequent sinus headaches, occasional sharp pain in right ear, feels like something in right eye, pain in jaw and back of head/neck.  What is this?	Sinusitis and TMJD May be a combination of sinusitis and clenching which can affect the TMJ causing discomfort.
6691421	-dizziness for 3 weeks
-fever for two weeks following
-thirst, nausea, fatigued 
-no blood test evidence for symptoms
-possible Ross river bloodretest?	Cryptosporidiosis Stool studies would determine if parasitic disease is present.
6766894	My daughter and i have a red rash with small raised bumps only in the bends of our arms it came and went and now it is back again what might this be??	Details matter Itch? Eczema is common in this area, but not the only possible explanation. If you see a dermatologist, she will examine your skin and ask many questions. Be sure to bring anything you have applied.
13864	If meniere's is now affecting my second ear, why shouldn't the doctors section the vestibular nerve in this ear as they did with the first one?	Not necessarily Vestibular nerve section is reserved for meniere's patients who have severe attacks of vertigo that persist despite maximal medical therapy and who still have good hearing levels in the affected ear. Usually the patient has also tried and failed intratympanic steroid injections to try to improve the episodes of vertigo.
551009	I'm having a patella dislocation. 3 weeks now , pain has reduced but am unable to bend my knee and feeling stiffness. Is this normal?	Hmmmm? Some stiffness is to be expected, however the key question is how you have been treated. Nearly treatment designed to keep the patella reduced has been shown to reduce the risk of recurrence. If you are wearing a stabilizing patella brace, motion can begin a couple weeks after injury.
929450	What progesterone only birth control is least likely to have irregular bleeding ? I've been on Depo-Provera provera and implanon and had non stop bleeding?	Mirena and skyla Mirena and skyla are Progesterone only iuds that work very well.
1575262	Does yeast infections cause scaling and peeling of skin of the labia because thats what im getting from my yeast its itchy and burning peeling?	Yeast is a good bet These are typical symptoms of candida vulvovaginitis, i. e. a vaginal yeast infecttion. If your symptoms were mild, it might be OK to try an over-the-counter yeast cream like Monistat and others. But other conditions are possible and these symptoms sound pretty severe. I would recommend you see your doctor, both for diagnosis and to make sure there's not an underlying health problem, like diabetes.
1375903	I had a small painless bump in labia minora with pus.One week ago I popped it and now it hasn't gone yet although I applied bacroban and betadine.	See a gynecologist You should ideally see a gynecologist who will examine you and recommend additional treatment if necessary. It is not a good idea to medicate yourself without knowing what exactly you are treating. Perastika!
1364903	Breathing fast and hyperventilating when sleeping seems like after taking Lorazepam Cause? PCOS HTN Provera Zestoretic Ativan Sertraline	Complex Hyperventilation at night can be related to stress, congestive heart failure, drugs taken at bed time, other. So, wide range of possibilities. Lorazepam is a sedative. If taken for stress, and hyperventilation occurs with dreams then anxiety might be the relationship. A formal sleep study could provide diagnosis by seeing timing, heart pattern, and associated details.
870822	Sometimes I have left eye blurriness with/without headaches. Doc scheduled appt. With neurologist on the 5th. Is this tumor related? Migraines?	Your doctor can expl The doctor you have seen already can explain why he is sending you to a neurologist. It may be just for treating your migraine. On the other hand he may have noticed some neurologic signs to be concerned about. I would not worry about any tumors unless they have done complete testing and told you more. Brain tumors are quite rare and would have much more in the way of symptoms than you have.
6789087	Hi my 4yr old is on Amoxicilin for bad ear/throat inf for past 4.5 days. Temp finally normal today but nose is bleeding several times and coughing a lot at night esp. Should I cont giving cetirizine and saline nasal spray? Dr originally prescribed antihis	Nosebleed Try saline mist or drops and a mist humidifier to increase moisture.
1014907	My mom weight is 86 kgs. Her knee xray shows no gaps between two bones in both knees doctors suggested for knee replacement. At 48 yrs age is it good.	Degree of pain The only real reason to replace the knee joint is intractable pain uncontrolled with safe, non habituating medication, joint injection and other conservative measures. If the pain is daily, impacting her life adversely, and uncontrollable then joint replacement is indicated x-rays notwithstanding.
6790393	(PCOS, irregular periods) Sep1 LMP Sep15 IUI done Sep30Beta HCG result <1.25 Oct10 No period & negative home test Pregnant, or not? Why no period yet?	When in doubt just check pregnancy test. And if you are still late and first pregnancy test was negative, check it again in 1 week. With PCOS your periods are irregular anyway even without any pregnancy interruption on board. If you have an endocrinologist or GYN doctor please consult with them as they know your PCOS well.
369938	Had a bleeding nose all last night , have a flu, (achey, headache, fever, sore throat) is this something  common, should I be worried?	VERY COMMON Particularly this time of the year. Bed rest , fluids, tylenol as needed for aches and fever. See your doctor if not improving by day 3-4 from the onset of symptoms.
386027	My question is, I have a bad sharp headache that wakes me up at night, but im not sure what it is. My symptoms are, dizziness, lightheaded, i feel loss of balance, i feel weak and tired have trouble concentrating, have tingling in my head when it hurts. B	Headaches Headaches and their causes can be complicated, difficult diagnoses to make. Since it is waking you up at night, you should make an appointment with your doctor for a complete evaluation. You doctor will take a thorough history and do a neurological evaluation to try and find out what is causing your symptoms. You may want to think about the answers to some of the questions they may ask you such as: - when did it start? - how often do they happen? - are they getting more frequent or more painful? - how long do they last? - what does the headache feel like and can you point to it? - does it occur around the same time at night or does it ever happen during the day? - what other symptoms do you have and when do they occur in regards to the headache? - have you had any big life changes? - how is your lifestyle? Are you getting enough sleep, eating well, exercising? - are you taking any medications? Do you drink caffeine and how much? Answering these questions may help your doctor figure out what is causing your headaches, whether it is a serious problem or not, and how to help you. Good luck!
386024	Do i need a pet scan after surviving breast cancer? I had breast cancer (stage 1) and treatment was successful.  I just had a mammogram and there was no cancer.  Treatments were chemotherapy and radiation.	PET Pet scans are not proven to be of use in stage i breast cancer. There is a new type of breast-only pet canning called pem zthat is currently being tested, but right now there it also has no established role in monitoring you for recurrence or a new cancer. Glad to hear the mammo was clear and wish you the best. For now an annual mammo, possibly with an ultrasound, is the best testing after treatment for an early stage breast cancer. There are some woman with a particularly higher risk of recurrence or of developing a second new tumor who will also benefit from regular MRI scans. Ask your doctors if they think you need this too.
602254	Went to doc. Had pregnant urine test. Positive. Blood test result: 4147 (#) <3 mlu/ml: neg 3-8 mlu/ml: may indicate early preg. What does it mean?	Not sure I can't tell if your HCG level is falling or rising, and I don't understand "may indicaate early pregnancy. ". I suggest you ask your doctor for a repeat blood test at the same laboratory. If viable, it will rise. A falling level would mean a non-viable pregnancy. Then you will know what is going on.
1424216	Unexplained high ANA, other tests norm. Lupus symptoms, but spondylitis symptoms too. Heel pain, SI pain sometimes, shoulder weak sometimes. Full MRI?	How about... HLA B-27 (I know you're not the typical gender), Rheumatoid Factor, ESR, CRP, Anti-DNA double stranded AB's? Any of those tests been run yet? Why are your fingers permanently flexed, Lupus Anticoagulant?
1482250	I've had trigeminal and occipital neuralgia since shingle in my head years ago.started a week ago, big node came out, never happens. Very painful. ?	See your physician Given your history, there may be a recurrence of shingles. See your physician to discuss your history and to undergo a physical examination. http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/shingles.html
1519245	Is a viral sinus infection when the nose has yellow or clear nasal congestion?	Could be yes. Bacterial infections in the sinus cavity usually produce green nasal discharge. Clear and yellow could be viral...or just inflammatory....or even fungal.
1477154	I'm having small like period cramps no spotting period five days late. Breast tenderness ; heartburns nausea very bad backache what should I do?	Cramps Purchase a pregnancy test to see if you are pregnant
512995	I have pain in my left shoulder up a lil toward my neck and a burning sensation. What can this be some times pain takes over my intire arm.?	Neurologic problem Your symptoms sound like a cervical (neck) nerve root problem. A cervical radiculopathy often presents as neck pain with radiation into the upper extremity. It can be associated with pins and needles, numbness, pain, and/or weakness. You would benefit from a medical consultation given your symptoms especially if they are persistent. Good luck to a quick recovery!
970933	Does white vinegar help relieve muscle cramps/spasms? Went to ER last night for the body spasms. ( post thyroidectomy 5/31) the doc said test were ok	White vinegar I don't see how vinegar can relieve muscle cramps. Those are not substantiated claims.
629138	2 weeks late. Negative blood & urine test at 9 days late. Several pregnancy symptoms. Could I have just ovulated late & been too early to tell if i was pregnant by the tests?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
644867	Is is possible for a woman that had a total hysterectomy due to endometriosis 12 yrs ago now have this inside the stomach if it was "caked" to uterine wall? Taken estro/progestine patches since then.	Yes, but... Yes but if there is something there that is measurable on some image it is important to make sure it is not cancer. Women with endometriosis in their lifetime have a higher risk of ovarian and peritoneal cancer which can still occur many years after a total hysterectomy. That is not to scare you but just to make sure you get properly evaluated.
1261730	I have red pimple like bumps all over my body. They are extremely itchy and hurt. I have never had them until the last two weeks. What could they be?	Urticaria 50% of the time we never find out what the allergen is. It usually goes away by itself.
915988	Don't have fever, swelling,  redness.  But gums sore, teeth tender, often dry. Pressure in facial bones/headache.  Fatigue.  Start with?  Saw dds.	ENT Since you already saw the dentist i would go to an ear nose and throat specialist. Your symptoms may be related to your sinuses.
1248720	After my period ended. I still feel nauseous, cramping, swollen sore breasts, and headaches. Period was early and light. What could this be?	Pregnancy test? It's always a good idea to take a pregnancy test if you have had unprotected sex and your period is early, late, too light, or different. If the test is negative (and if last sex was more than 14 days ago), then your symptoms could be from something else, like an ovarian cyst, or just a hormonal fluctuation.
755891	Had flu and throat infection january, one swollen tonsil since, swollen gland same side sometimes, ulcer on tonsil for last 2 days is this cancer?	Unlikely Most cancers of the oral cavity and throat are painless and have no symptoms until fairly late in the disease. Lymphomas (a cancer of the lymph nodes) can enlarge nodes and the tonsils but won't often ulcerate. More likely this is an infection, so see your doctor asap about whether you need antibiotics. He/she can judge if you fail to respond and then think of other diagnoses.
490023	I have itchy red on the outside white inside dots on me that started on my breasts now on my neck, back, and kind of stomach?	Infection ? Sound like you make have a skin infection. Get this looked at by your doctor right away.
6683081	Pain on right side of abdomen under breast and ribs. 4 months now. Not gallstones as I had an ultra 2 months ago. Also suffer from anxiety.	Biliary dyskinesia it's possible your gallblader is not working right - HIDA scan can confirm it . If function is less then 20% taking it out may help
6629484	Hi. I have a missed period. Last had intercourse on jan 18. It's now feb 4. I have bad crampng and sore breasts. 3 negative pregnancy tests?	Wait one more week You may be pregnant I would wait one more week and we check the beta hCG level
1509551	I have a severe allergy to ibuprofen as well as aspirin. Is vicodin safe to take for a serious migraine?	Very like so As ibuprofen and aspirin fit under the NSAIDs(nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs), so it isn't uncommon if you are allergic to aspirin to be allergic to motrin, ibuprofen, aleve, naprosen. Vicodin contains hydrocodone and acetaminphen, neither which usually cross react with the previously mentioned drugs. But opioid containing drugs are not ideal for migraine management. Talk with your doc
6767141	Sore throat/laryngitis/low grade fever has not improved in one week.  Went to urgent care and got amoxicillan 4 days ago.  Do I need to go back?	Not yet... Finish out your prescription and if the symptoms do not drastically improve, go back to the doc. If your fevers suddenly become worse, I would get checked sooner.
1437140	How is a biopsy taken of a palpable breast lump if it doesn't show up in ultrasound or mammogram? Wondering how they accurately guide the needle?	They can do it by palpation. Another imaging option is Breast MRI. It is highly sensitive for carcinoma. If it is negative, you may not need a biopsy. If it is positive, biopsy could be performed with MRI guidance.
927146	Had m/c in july&have been having sex now am having sore breast, cramps, weight gain.Went for urine test&was negative but confused because of the symptom?	Hormones If the pregnancy test was negative and yet you are having those symptoms of pregnancy, it's possible the symptoms are due to hormonal changes. Or it's possible you're weakly positive and it just hasn't shown up yet. If you've missed a period, take another test. If you haven't missed a period, wait until you do and then take a test. Good luck!
584756	I have celiac disease. Eat 100% gluten free, still get diarrhea. I take 12-30 imodium to stop it. Is this okay?	Imodium Will not comment on whether the diagnosis of celiac disease in you was or was not correct, but you are taking far more Imodium than recommended under federal guidelines. The maximum recommended dosage is.
409057	I am a diabetic. Is this pain in my feet normal? I can barely walk at times... I am a diabetic and I have calluses on my feet. They are located in the center area right below my toes. I've had them for a few years now. They neve were bad , but this passed	Hello. Hello. You might wish to see a podiatrist. If you are diabetic, it is best to have foot care done by a professional. A podiatrist can work with the callouses. Injections is an option. However, an adjunct to your care could be medical acupuncture. It is performed by do's and md's and can be helpful with a variety of sources of foot pain including neuropathic pain.
1403470	Usually a week before periods I get pms, sore breast, cramps, backpain. This time no PMS at all, period due in a day, could i be pregnancy?	No Guessing Physicians do not ever guess or speculate when it comes to pregnancy. Ever. You have asked us a question without sharing your menstrual, sexual or ovulatory history. If your period does not start and you were sexual during ovulation then you should plan on doing a pregnancy test.
1403476	Problem with sinuses for 5 month, headache, blocked nose and stinging eyes, not sure what to do, goes away for a bit when taking sinus tablets. ?	Consult Sounds like allergy problems. I would see your Family Doctor for an exam to make sure that's the problem and then discuss treatments available for allergies.
1378052	My period has changed since i have been sexually active more often. It start days late and the cramps are unbearable.  Why do i have pregnant symptom?	See your doctor. Those unbearable cramps are not normal and could suggest something is wrong. Sexually transmitted disease are a possibility. Some cause similar symptoms to the ones you are describing.
6668661	Can I get HIV by kissing a stranger (a gay man) for about 5 min while I had a sore throat and a sore burnt tongue? I don't know if he was bleeding	No HIV isn't transmitted by kissing. Period. You can get gonorrhea or syphilis or infectious mono or CMV. But not HIV. Very few people are bleeding, especially while you're kissing them. I'm very glad you found a time to be happy with another person, and that you're comfortable with who you are -- and I admire your courage in asking. Love well and safely. Best wishes.
501303	Tubes clamped 12 years ago vomitting nausea all day period is light pink stomach looks as im pregnant pee a lot hungry all the time mood swings?	Do a pregnancy test Failures of tubal ligation do occur. If that happens a tubal pregnancy is a risk. This is serious . You need an examination and an ultrasound.
6683889	in garage, when I felt a burn itch on fore arm. now 5 days later its  raised, red bumps in a circle. Hot & tender to touch. what can I put on it?	Cellulitis You might have an infection under the skin where it is red. You might need oral antibiotics to prevent it from spreading. You need to have it seen by a doctor. Benadryll cream may help the itch but it still needs to been checked out by a professional
328233	Headache, body aches pain ; swollen  glands in neck fever 101.6 cough and burning in face and ears stopped up?	Infection It sounds like you have some sort of throat infection; consult your pcp rightaway.
260715	Diarrhea aftr each meal, loss of appetite, nausea, slight pelvic cramps, had short period 2wks ago, faint, fatigue. Been 2wk. What could this be?	Are you pregnant? A pregnancy test may be the first place to start. If that is negative, a more in-depth history and physical will be necessary, including blood work to check your blood counts, your electrolytes, and possibly a thyroid study. You may also have a form of gastroenteritis, which is inflammation or infection of the stomach and intestines. Hope you feel better!
1163354	Throat hurts on the right side  when swallowing. No flu, no cough, no swollen lymph. I had for a week.	Pain Your pain may possibly be due to acid reflux or a post nasal drip.
386393	1 ovary and fallopian tube..What are my chances of concieving? I'm 27 and have only 1 ovary and fallopian tube..They are on the same side. I got pregnant 4 years ago and miscarried. I had to have a dnc. Now i can't seem to get pregnant anymore. I'm worrie	I I agree with dr moffit. I would like to some other thoughts. I think that the reason for having a single tube and ovary could provide us with some insight into the likelihood of internal scar tissue or other factors that could be a problem. Since you had a pregnancy even though it was a miscarriage, you probably have a reasonably normal tube and ovary. When you lost your ovary, you lost 50% of the eggs in your body at that time. We know that there is a relationship between the number of eggs in your body and your fertility potential. So, women with a single ovary are likely to enter menopause earlier than usual and thus also lose their fertility potential earlier. There are not too many studies that quantitate this fact but one study (melica f et al.; 1995) showed that when the ovary was removed before the age of 30 then menopause occurred on average at age 45 versus age 50. Other studies show that women with a single ovary have reduced fertility earlier. The good news is that you are only 27 years old and therefore you likely have good fertility remaining now and some time. But my message to you would be to not wait too long to get care. Your problem is one that would benefit from a consultation with a fertility specialist. I would do that sooner for the reasons that i stated but your age gives me great hope for your success. Good luck.
762208	My ankle itches really bad. Along with my chest and upper back. My lymph nodes on the right side of my neck are in pain, but are not swollen. Help?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
74357	How do you tell what plaque type you have without an angiogram?	OnlyGuessCannotTell Angio = blood, gram = picture; pictures which show a 2d image, still or motion, of dye added into the blood, so that the dye/blood column shows on x-ray. Artery ds: an accumulation of white blood cells, living & dead, within artery walls. Arteries enlarge/not narrow in response to ds. Wall not shown in angiogram images+only larger openings visible. Stenosis due to plaque rupture & clots in opening.
6679203	Chest pain in middle and upper chest, arms, jaw, ribs and neck. Been going on approx 6-9 Mos. not sore to touch. Ekg/bloodwork normal.	Not enuf info Sorry-there isn't nearly enough information to begin to guess the cause of your pain. I suggest you seek formal in person consultation.
771916	I'm itchy all over my arms legs chest and stomach with small flesh coloured bumps, any idea what it is?	Urticaria You have urticaria or hives . Consult your doctor as to the possible cause.
1344999	Had an abcess last month,took antibiotics, now it's back.What's the chances of a brain abscess?it's my wisdom tooth,head and ear hurts to sometimes	Brain abscess About 1/3 of brain abscesses occur secondary to an infection in the head and neck. If you are truly concerned about this, discuss with your primary care doctor, and if they think it necessary they may scan your head or refer you to an infectious diseases expert.
1374364	Ear popped after blowing my nose. Turns out, have an ear infection. Was given antibiotics but ear is still blocked and hearing is muffled. What to do?	Hearing depressed You have fluid in your ears fom the infection. you can try ching gum to equalize pressure. It that fails, see your ENT for possible use of steroids. If after two months symptoms persist he may want to do a myringotomy and possible insert ear tube to drain your ears
1320658	Women 67 years old. Femur surgery done, bone graft is not growing after 5 months. What measures or blood tests should be taken to make it grow.	Orthopedics get an orthopedic opinion.
323005	What kind of infections cause swollen gland in groin?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
6711739	Injured knee 1wk ago possible meniscus tear&bakers cyst.woke up with one swollen stiff painful knuckle on hand, petechia on foot, & burning chest. ER?	Arthritis ? It may be part of a larger arthritis syndrome. You need to see your physician. Your evaluation will include lab, imaging along with a history and physical. Inflammation is occuring and it may be causing the arthritis and the the blood vessels - getting the petechiae.
400454	I have not had my period this month I have stomach pains i feel like I have to throw up but nothing comes up and breast are sore could this be a sign of pregnancy	Missing Missing a period could be a sign that a patient is pregnant. Periods can occasionally be irregular for a variety of reasons, such as stress or weight changes (too high or too low), but if a patient misses a period then taking a pregnancy test would be reasonable in that situation. Nausea and breast tenderness can be associated with pregnancy.
390341	How do I get rid of itchy skin? I get small bumps on ears that itch bad, also red itchy welts on cheeks & around jaw. Lotion stops some of the itching but dosnt reduse the red swelling. Thank you	This This sounds like a possible allergic reaction. Are you using any new soaps, lotions, detergents, make up? If so discontinue and monitor for improvement. For the itching you can try over the counter Hydrocortisone cream. If it is really intense Benadryl may help. If this problem persists you should see your doctor. Take care.
1414042	What do you suggest if my face but nothing was helping been so I started putting hydrocortisone cream and taking benadryl. help?	Please Clarify It is not at all clear what is happening to your face
1079153	My arms, thighs ; back of neck and centre of my back itches and it comes and goes. I  itch like mad;it goes red and pimples come and red streaks  why?	Urticaria Sounds like hives. You may be allergic to something. See your physician.
1521324	Blocked left ear for 12 months very painful, sneezing runny nose and dry cough loss of voice ,sore throat , throat closes over at times no fever ?	ENT It sounds like allergic symptoms with chronic sinusitis. However, it is too long to have theses symptoms without treatment. See an ENT doctor.
1079156	I had a period. 8 negative pregnancy tests. Ovulation kit says i'm ovulating, but it is delayed. No cervical mucous. Could i be pregnant?	You are not pregnant You had a period. That ends the discussion. The definition of a period represents not being pregnant. Eight pregnancy tests cannot be false. You are not pregnant. Ovulation only occurs to prepare for pregnancy. It does not occur if one is pregnant. Ovulation represents an egg that is ready to be impregnated if there were sperm already there ready to enter the egg. You are not pregnant.
871883	Bp 103/60 sitting. & 117/70 standing. Hr of 120. Not even 5 minutes in between.  Is this normal? Would a tilt table test show more? Bp is normally 140/90	It depends A BP of 103/60 is not considered abnormal or low unless you are dizzy, feel faint or lightheaded. Your blood pressure will fluctuate depending on your stress, and anxiety level and yes within minutes. Your heart rate is high thought and this can be secondary to stress, anxiety, dehydration, caffeine, fatigue, pain, lack of sleep among others.
722485	Soreness started in lower part of bicep that connects at the elbow two months ago. Now some soreness extending from elbow down forearm. What to do?	Elbow pain Could be muscle sprain. Wait for 2 weeks, if persisting , see a doc.
6648302	Pus filled bump on inner labia minora. not sexually active. accidentally popped the bump. any over the counter medicine to be used?	Boil Hibiclense or phisohex soap solutions to wash area twice a day then dry and apply topical antibiotic for a week
560426	I want protection from hepatitis b for my family, me 58, wife 50, son 29, son 28. Should we get vaccination directly or we need to get some tests ?	It depends... If there is almost no risk (or no risk at all) that a person had gotten hepatitis b in the past, then that person can just get the vaccinations. For anyone who might have caught it in the past (for example, persons from asia), the person's blood should be tested first, to check for antibodies or the virus itself. If the blood tests are negative, then he can get the vaccine.
1048991	Hello my baby is 6 months and he start to have the flu is nose is runny he caugh and sneeze what should I do? Thanks	Sick baby Children less than one year old are at high risk of dehydration with infection. If your baby has fever, change in feeding habits, is irritable or sleeping excessively or has vomiting would see the pediatrician immediately. If not would treat they symptomatically sucking out the nose with a bulb you can get at the pharmacy, and keep them comfy. If any of the above occur, go and have them seen.
1376290	Fasting blood work. Total Bilirubin 1.5, Direct Bili 0.2, Alk Phos 44, AST 24, ALT 20, Albumin 4.4, Tot protein 6.6. Is high total Bili concerning?	Not unless its inc-- reasing. Every Lab has its own Reference range, so checking with your PCP would be the best as None of us would have a clue to the Reference your lab uses. Overall your numbers are not terribly high, except the Alk phos, I think. Best check with your PCP and maybe repeat the tests after 4-6 weeks time. Good Luck
1163533	I currently have a sinus infection, I have noticed a hard lump between my jaw and ear. It is making the bone behind my ear hurt is this sinus related?	Very Likely Painful bumps under the skin are commonly swollen lymph nodes. They become swollen when infection is nearby and in your case it is likely from the sinus infection. Give it time and the pain should calm down. You might consider taking some over the counter pain medications if it becomes too uncomfortable.
1551496	I have femur fracture and knee proximal tibia, what foods should I take for full recovery of my bones ?  It's been 3 months after the surgery.	Ck your D level I find my patients don't heal well if their Vitamin D levels are low
583735	Last few years I have watery liquid/pus comming out from pimples on my head and some time hair comes out if it is close to pimples.	Pimples, hair loss See your dermatologist for evaluation and therapy. You could have folliculitis decalvans or acne keloidalis or something entirely different some of these conditions would be treated with suppressive oral acne like therapy.
1213103	Physch recommended Lexapro w Buspar 5 but i read  this combo can increase risk of a rare but serious condition called the serotonin syndrome.Concerned?	These 2 medications Are often used together. Buspar increases serotonin mildly. It is a relative risk.
6704069	1mm round darker brown mole rubbed off leg by wearing ankle brace for sports. Normal skin now no mole   Is there anything to worry about?  Skin cancer	No If the mole was only 1mm to begin with and it was easily removed then there is nothing to worry about. If it reoccurs then u should have someone look at it.
1086580	I am worried about my vagina being sore, swollen & itches?	Possibly yeast, but Diagnosis needs to be medically confirmed. Causes of vaginal itching include yeast infections; vaginitis; contact w chemicals (douches, detergent, feminine spray, contraceptive foam/ jelly or ointments or creams); stress; pinworm; menopause (vaginal drying); precancerous lesions ; stress.
1024264	Snoring problem, what to do?	Snoring remedies Avoid sleeping on your back ( sew a tennis ball into a pocket on the back of a t-shirt) lose weight see and ENT to be sure there aren't any nasal obstructions take medication for allergies use breathe rite strips have a dentist custom make an oral appliance.
1484706	Swollen lymph nodes for 4 years on neck and swelling.ct scan 1 year ago. dr said not of clinical sign. 6-8 mm. Could this be cancer? Too small to bio?	6-8mm lymph nodes are not really enlarged. If they are morphologically normal, and have been stable for four years, it is probably nothing to worry about.
1160277	Had a knee injury 4 weeks ag skiing (dr. Informed a possible acl/mcl rupture). The MRI  confirmed it. I am unable to bend my knees. It hurts. Why ?	Inflamed Rec therapy to get things moving. Then surgery (if that's the plan) after knee is "calmed down" with good motion. May wait for mcl to heal, then deal w only the acl. Sometimes, both can be treated w surgery. See an ortho doc.
6656764	In a fit, healthy 18 year old. Whats the worst that could happen if I have atrial fibrillation? Normal echocardiogram,ekg,but didn't have palps during	Nothing Other than the sensation of palpitation ,atrial fibrillation in young healthy persons are benign. Since in this age group the arrhythmia is often associated with a very rapid heart rate they often require treatment to control heart beat or intervention to convert them back to regular rhythm
1025502	If I am a candidate for macoplasty surgery on my knee opposed to having a full knee replacement. Is macoplasty have good results. What do you think?	No to Makoplasty A full knee replacement is a better choice for you. The results are predictable and long lasting. There is no benefit to you having a partial knee replacement at age 74.
6731622	Do trich cause you to have constant yellow creamy smetime yellow water discharge mixed with blood or Do A uti urine cloudy too but might be from DC	Yes, it could. Trichomonas could do all these things. It can show up in your urine, too. Get treated. Your partner may be treated, too. Use protection until both are clear of it. Practice safe sex until in a long-term monogamous relationship (6 months to a year and only stop when repeat testing of both of you still shows no s.t.d's. Take care!
531522	Have a raised bump that looks like a mosquito bite. It's skin coloured and raised, surrounded by red skin. It's very itchy. Can it be a flea bite?	That is possible But hard to diagnose without more info and an exam of the lesion. If you get more, see a doctor. If it goes away or you find critters on your pet, spray spray spray.
1104536	Hand & wrist numbness - can hand joint pain be a symptom of carpal tunnel syndrome, what to do?	Yes, but Yes, but the cts could be caused by arthritis affecting the hands.
1354909	My daughter woke up with a red bump on her face later in the afternoon it's swollen and yellow pus is coming out and the skin around it is drying up?	Insect bite? It might be an insect bite and she might have a reaction to it. If it is painful or feverish and comforting cold compress does not help - go to a pharmacy or even urgent care so she can sleep well and not get frightened. It may be a simple OTC remedy will be all she needs. Good luck.
6791423	High Wbc and neuts, low lymphocytes blood hemoglobin &protien in urine. No infection and no stones. Nausea headache back & groin pain?	You need a good MD You have several things wrong that require a good internist to investigate these problems further. It is difficult to guess the cause without complete history and physical examination done by your doctor.
1329921	Right side pain, flank pain, pressure while going to the restroom.Went into ER for possible kidney stones found nothing.Assumed maybe gallbladder.Help?	Need for examination It is not feasible to provide a meaningful opinion without taking history, examining you and may be some tests. Your symptoms warrant evaluation by a physician. This forum is not adequate to provide assistance for issues requiring investigation of the person.
560396	Went to doctor hCG level was 329 four days later it's 3410 they don't see a baby in the uterus just fluid and a little spot in tube is this normal?	Repeat u/ sound Your obstetrician will probably order repeat u/s in a few days.
1523783	Burning sensation, pink discharge, and itchy feeling from a yeast infection? Including after the use of mono stat for the first day?	Combo You might have combined problems. ......Chlamydia,BV,GC/Herpes/syphillis; they all can be contracted at exposure. See PMD.
892485	Increased palpitations and heart flutters general chest discomfort (no heart disease + normal echo) medication or un noticed subconscious anxiety?	Adrenaline surges... Likely due to low blood sugars, can cause palpitations, anxiety attacks and other symptoms. Have your doctor check you for the Insulin resistance syndrome, eat frequent small meals, with a low glycemic index to avoid these. Check glycemicindex.Com for a list of the glycemic index of various foods.
111973	Is vascular dementia worse than alzheimers at the end stage?	At end stages, All dementias are equally devastating.
513284	Depo finished 4 months ago - had first period last month (normal)but this month burning cramps (no blood) sore breasts done hpt but negative?	See below This is because it takes about 12 months for Depo Provera to leave your body entirely.
182032	My father is 85 years old. Is it normal if his blood pressure 150/90?  His leg is dry and itchy, how can I treat this?	High, But Slightly Normal adult blood pressure without any major medical problems (like diabetes or high cholesterol) tops out around 140/90, so that measurement was a bit high. He needs to be assessed by his doctor for possible high blood pressure. Not an emergency but within a few weeks. As for the leg, it depends on why it's dry. Small amounts of Hydrocortisone cream may help, but it probably needs checking too.
758170	I had a broke jaw,  1 plate remains, i wake up with my neck muscles hard as rock, n feels like i grind my teeth. Dentist said surgery, help wit pain?	See oral surgeon See a couple of oral surgeons to get possible options. Depending upon how long ago your injury was, you may still be healing. In the meantime, try ice or moist heat (heating pad with a wet washcloth) avoid chewy foods and gum. Also avoid opening your mouth wide to eat (such as hamburgers) and avoid caffeine beverages. Take over the counter meds if possible.
1117798	0800 neck tender to touch or turn under lobes to base of neck only, has gotten worse all day, no cough or sore throat. Ears started hurting 1600.	External otitis See an ENT on monday to get the ear checked. If it hurts to pull on the ear you will need to get the ear cleaned out and ear drops. If the canal of the ear is inflamed too much, you will need some temporary packing. You will also need good pain medication as this is very painful. Good luck. See the ear nose and throat doc asap.
944205	Im currently on Depo-Provera provera birth control shot, i had my period reguraly both blood and urine test came negative but im experiency pregnancy symptoms?	You are not pregnant These symptoms are from the depo. This is what it feels like to be on depo early on. You are not pregnant.
1386025	My wife (age 35 yrs) suffers from tingling sensation (pins and needles) in the extremities of left hand and feet whenever she gets upset or angry.	Anxiety is state of tension, apprehension, worry, uneasiness or fear. It may be related to anticipated danger or arise for no apparent reason. While mild episodes of anxiety are common and do not usually require treatment, more severe forms can be chronic and debilitating. See your PCP for evaluation and referral. Do not self medicate to ovoid serious complications.
653238	Im a few weeks away from my next Depo-Provera shot, im seeing blood when i weep but now its a dark brown discharge that's clumpy, what could be wrong?	DepoProvera One of most common side effects of depoprovera is spotting or irregular menses. Many women will report no menses (amenorrhea) after a year's worth of depo shots but spotting is still common. Color of blood changes depending upon its exposure to oxygen. Blood that's flowing quickly tends to be redder while blood that's been hanging around a bit tends to clot & turn darker, too. Go see your doc if ?
6676003	Since the season is changing I have been suffering from stuff nose, sneezing and itchy eyes. I just started taking clartin d 24hrs but have not notice a change. What should I do?	Allergies try another medication from that same family of medications. Try Zyrtec D instead and see if you have any improvement in your symptoms. You may also consider adding an eye drop like Zaditor one drop two times a day to control your eye itching
919184	Today i got my wisdom teeth out and it hurts very bad and i feel out of breath. Idk what it is. Should i drink singulair just in case its allergy?	Call your surgeon ! You are under the care of a specialist. Your surgeon knows you, your med history, the procedure, and what meds s/he gave you better than anyone over the internet. Please call now.
277858	In the back of my head, at night I always have this pain like a headache that makes me sick lightheaded, and dizzy what could this be? Had migraine b4	NEEDS EVAL It is difficult to say if this is a variation of your migraines or something more concerning- the symptoms you mention mae this pain something that needs further eval- we must make sure there is no tumor or aneurysm or other cause- ha should not wake you from sleep- and any new, changing or worsening headache- should have greater eval.
407579	I have a burning in my arm above the elbow and now my arm is felling num. The burning is just below the shoulder to the back of the arm could this be a pinch nerve.	If If i understand, there is a patch of burning in your arm. This could be axillary neuropathy. Emg and ncs can loclize the nerve involved.
6701785	Can permanent L5 nerve damage cause weakness and cramps in the calf muscle as well as buttock and leg pain?	In part Permanent L-5 radiculopathy could cause buttock and leg pain, but the weakness would affect the shin. If calf problem, suggests the S-1 root instead. If you had surgery, postop scarring and arachnoiditis could affect several root levels.
793100	I have had up back pin in same spot under right shoulder blade one year. With activity or sitting hurts. Not present at rest .Ct ok. Missed cancer?	Cancer no Sounds muscoloskeltal. Have you visited a good chiropractor for an evaluation ? Cancer would bet very, very low on m y list of thoughts for you.
1263707	I hve +ana 1:1280 spckled, elevted sed, CRP &c3, norml c4..All othr antibdies like sm, dna, rnp all neg. W/o othr antibdies being +, is lupus possible?	Yes Remember, the ANA by itself means nothing. You need clinical criteria consistent with lupus to actually have lupus.
1593317	I was on Zoloft 50mg and Buspar 10 twice my libido was fine doc agmunt Zoloft to 100mg mg and ad risperidone 0.05mg i lost libido what make libido low?	Look at the zoloft It may be the zoloft. Risperidone at this dose would probably not cause this side effect.
1593311	I'm experiencing cramps & sore breast & later today i spotted a super tiny dot of blood together with my CM, my last period was on the 11th, what's up?	Sore breast/ blood On a 28 day cycle this would be around the time of ovulation, if the first day of period was 12/11 . May be hormonal variation, premenstrual.irritation/vaginitis with hormonal variation. if no period or symptoms persist for 2-3 more weeks follow up with doctor if fever ,abdominal pain see doc within 24 hours.
6673235	It's been a day since I took the 1-day Ticonazole for a yeast infection. Most of the discharge is gone but it's still a bit itchy. Is this normal?	Yeast infection What you describe is not unusual.
590901	I have pressure in my sinus area, head aches, and dizziness. I don't have a cough or any flu like symptoms. What could be wrong?	Sinusitis Sinus infections often do not cause fever. See an ENT specialist to sort it out.
1259238	Sharp pain inside uretha when urinating, feels like  an object inside penis head. Urine tests neg for all uti/infections. Took doxy 14 days no avail. No discharge or blood any ideas? No kidney pain.	Possibilities:- Could be a "lacuna magna" (a small urethral diverticulum within the glanular urethra, rethral stricture, u rethral polyp or wart. Consider seeing a urologist for acystoscopic/urethroscopic examination.).
71580	I stepped in dirty rain water and my toes turned bright red and a bit swollen and are itchy. Do you know whay happened?	Immersion The skin is soaked and needs to dry out. It could laso be reaction to color of shoe. A peeling cream containing urea combined with a topical steroid will remove the dead skin and calm the inflammation. Fungus can develop under these conditions especially between the toes and at the end of the nails. If it begins to deelop a topical antifungal cream should e added.
1424457	Sharp, lasting pain in front through back of head. Dizziness. Vertigo, with nausea/vomiting. Ongoing for over a month. Not sinuses. Help?	Check it out May be time to see your doc to rule out serious causes
818109	Can mesh migration from inguinal hernia repair cause pain from the groin all the way down to ur thighs?	Unusual There are nerves in the groin that can become irritated with hernia, or material, or infection. See your surgeon and give the full story and be examined.
6771930	Hi when i eat spinach or some green veggies i get itchy flaky scalp with hair loss my allergy test with all foods was negative please explain thx ..
?	Everything wrong Itchy, flakey scalp might be seborrheic dermatitis or psoriasis. These are skin diseases treated by dermatologists. They are NOT related to allergy. They are NOT allergies. See a dermatologist.
6628420	I've been spotting old blood for almost a week, is this normal? I am on birth control, and I just ended my period a week 1/2 ago. I am sexually active	Could be.. It could be related to an infection or to the birth control itself. It would be wise to see your gynecologist for exam and testing as necessary. To be on the safe side I would also suggest to get a pregnancy test done.
536996	My breast are always sore and the dr did a hand check for lumps and said she didn't feel anything concerning . But why do they hurt to the touch ?	Common problem Fibrocystic disease/changes is very common in women. This is most often seen during the menstrual cycle. Breast feel lumpy and painful which is caused by cyst formation (fluid filled areas) due to hormonal changes. Some women may have these changes without being on their menstrual cycle. Caffeine may cuase the cysts to be overactive resulting in pain. This is not related to cancer. http://www.
1189667	I have oily skin and facial acne, mostly on the forehead and around the chin bone, slow treated and redness around the acne and sometimes itchy?	Get treated If topical benzoyl peroxide as tolerated (try 5% 2x/day for starters) hasn't cleared you in two weeks, get with your personal physician for prescription-strength rx. Life's tough enough without dealing with this as an adult.
1167302	I have excessive masturbation/sex and hair loss and sensitive scalp to dht, what to do?	Internet garbage There's a "pop" claim on the internet that sexual activity causes male hormone changes that accelerate baldness. This is made up, i suspect as someone's cruel prank. Plenty of celibate clergy are bald. How fast a man loses his scalp hair is genetic, and if you'll look around, it correlates with how much chest hair he was blessed with. To look good, stay in shape. Photo guy's not worrying.
569578	Are  mole removing creams harmful? I wanna remove a natural mole. But can I be at higher risk of getting skin cancer for doing this? Im 16.	Hard to know Mole-removing creams are generally not approved by the fda, and are herbal or naturally derived. These have not been rigorously tested and can have significant side effects in the short term and long term. I would advise seeing a dermatologist. If it looks ok, you probably don't need to remove it at all!
6750137	Yesterday I noticed a tiny raised red bump on my neck that stings when touched. Looks like a cherry hemangioma? but not look like a bug bite or pimple	Be checked If this new since yesterday be checked for a tick. All the best.
1508522	When would my body be healed enough to get pregnant after having an 8cm ovarian cyst removed. No removal of any of the ovary. 
?	Ovarian Cyst best person to answer this question is GYN who did surgery. One would think that 6-8 weeks would be enough time to heal, but would still pose question to surgeon for confirmation.
400865	Is it common for someone who has IBS to have mucous in their stool sometimes there is red blood in my stool also and in my upper track i become very bloated and nauseated	Yes, Yes, it is common for someone with irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) to have mucus in their stool. If you have blood in your stool, this needs to be medically evaluated.
1380073	i got vagina itching, redness and dark discharge ,before 3 -4 day   of  starting menstrual period. sometime i found small wound near vagina?	Get evaluated If there is a lesion near Rh opening, you need to have it evaluated.
151489	I felt a little movement in my stomach can I still get pregnant even if I have mt Depo-Provera shot every 3 months an on time?	Unlikely Unlikely to get pregnant with the birth control you described. Still, urine pregnancy tests are inexpensive and quite accurate.
749496	If my period was suppose to come on the 22 of this month and it still hasn't came when should I take a pregnancy test? Can stress cause sore breast?	Check UPT! 6-7 days after a late/missed period a urine pregnancy test will have almost 99% sensitivity to detect early pregnancy. Talk to your gynecologist!
356091	Low left back pain, pain in back during urination, no infection in urine but there was blood detected, CT scan showed enlarged left ovary. Cancer?	Need more data Enlarged ovary can be due to ovulation, infection, or benign or malignant tumors. Bleeding many other lesions. Md. Needs to evaluate to determine the cause.
1283217	I have been having vaginal bleeding for 4-5 weeks.  I was on implanon for 18 months but am now on Depo-Provera shot 3, no insurance and scared? Is this normal?	Maybe normal Most likely this bleeding is due to being on depoprovera. Implanon can do the same thing. The safest thing is to make sure you are not pregnant. A home pregnancy test can tell you this. Talk to the caregiver who is giving you the shots. They should be able to help.
6635042	What is  the treatment for  painless lump on left cheek beside the ear?  Xray says it's connected to the parotid gland.  Is there medication for it?	Parotitis Parotitis is an inflammation of the parotid glands (salivary glands on either side of the face). The parotid gland is the salivary gland most commonly affected by inflammation (and staph and strep are the most common bacterial). Stones can also block the duct-work system inside (just like kidney stones can block urinary systems). You doctor should decide whether or not antibiotics are needed.
6635510	Hi! I've red spots/small rashes on the back of my hands, from my thumbs until my index fingers in a semicircle. It's itch and burn. What's this? Thank	Semicircular rash Multiple possibilities. see your dermatologist. Some of the possibilities include granuloma annulare, contact dermatitis, nummular eczema, Your doctor may want to biopsy the rash for definitive diagnosis.
6706780	The condom broke for 1 second 7 days ago, I had anal cut. Now I have mild fever, muscle ache, running nose and tired. Could they be symptoms of HIV?	No HIV symptoms do not occur that quickly. You have a common viral infection.
6635519	Hi im tasha i recently started getting small red bumps that look as if there rashes on my face by my forehead and cheek area and it's itchy.	Facial rash Small red bumps on face typically represent a rash. Rashes can be caused by many things such a virus, food allergies, contact allergies and more. If it persists for more than several days I recommend dermatology evaluation. Try to pinpoint what may have caused the rash. Topical corticosteroid creams may help
1356710	I have a didelphic uterus and had ovulation discharge twice 3days apart. my period is one day late could I be pregnant?	HPT If your period's late a home pregnancy test will be reliable: suggest you do one. Good luck.
1076191	I missed my period last oct 12 and nov 2 had light spotting for 2 days and again nov 29 spotting again.Urine test negative blood test last oct 27.	Uterine bleeding Women after 40 can develop menstrual irregularities and that is called perimenopause. However pregnancy is always a concern if tubes are not tied. Abnormal bleeding must always be verify to rule out more serious conditions like endometrial pre cancer, cervical malignancies or uterine pathologies. Dont just rely that you are getting closer to menopause.
353455	My ears wont stop hurting after tonsillectomy, its unbearable I have to wear ear plugs and even then i'm almost crying. Has something gone wrong?	Normal Ear pain after tonsillectomy is due to the fact that there is a nerve on your throat that actually has a branch thy goes to you ear. So hen your throat is inflamed the nerve in your ear is inflammed(hurts). Unfoturnately it's not an uncommon problem with traditional tonsillectomy. Let your surgeon know and see if changing your pain med is an appropriate option for you.
1121603	Pain from inner elbow down forearm to wrist on thumbside. Worse when extending wrist. Slightly sore to touch no discoloration or obvious swelling.	? Carpal tunnel synd Is this pain worse at night? Do you also feel any numbness or tingling? I would see a rheumatologist or a neurologist.
6731998	3 days flu, sore throat, body aches. Felt better, now temp 37.5, 24 hr worsening headache, severe ear and jaw pain, pain meds don't work. What cud be?	Sinusitis or Otitis? It is not uncommon to develop a bacterial sinusitis or otitis media infection after initially developing a viral syndrome. Usually the viral symptoms begin to improve, then a secondary bacterial infection ensues. Seek medical attention to be evaluated to determine if you have a sinus or ear infection or other etiology for your symptoms, and to determine if you would benefit from antibiotics.
283554	Normally how many days should you have abdominal cramps and sore breast if your period is coming? And not pregnant	Varies There is no set rule and it can vary from person to person. Not everyone has symptoms. If your period is delayed get a pregnancy test.
1292252	A pimple like bump or lump in my left cheek vagina where pubic hair is, pain when touch what could it be?Is it alarming?	Follicle infection? Since there is a hair there as you describe, maybe it is an infected hair follicle (folliculitis). Get an evaluation and the diagnosis will determine the right treatment needed if any.
701174	Have uc since 8 years. Not much improvement from medication. Main symptom blood in stool. Can consumption of aloevera gel help in this condition?	AV for UC Unlikely. Smoking can help.
6614885	Got a steroid shot in knee last week for arthritis & inflammation hurts more now the knee &  whole leg, knee little swollen been putting ice on it off?	Sounds dangerous An injected knee should hurt for only a short while if what is injected is, like steroids, anti-inflammatory. You might have an infection, which could be extremely damaging, especially if you are diabetic. You need to report to the physician who did the injection immediately, or if not available, to an emergency department. Good luck!
525653	I can't bend my knee after arthroscopic surgery. Is this normal?	Common Common, not normal. See your surgeon.
6645509	Recently been getting random palpitations often, no chest flutters or dizziness, 30 sec ecg always normal, could it be an arrhythmia?	Yes but not serious Palpitations can be part of normal extra beats for anyone. If they come and go lasting short time periods like less than a minute then usually, at your age, it's not serious. Concerning symptoms with palpitations include dizziness, fainting, severe shortness of breath or chest pain. To help reduce them, avoid excess of caffeine, alcohol, stimulants in cold medications, and reduce stress.
992841	A friend have small ovaries and small uterus but want to get pregnant . She done blood test but the results were ok and both tubes are open ?	Sounds good Wish her luck. Sounds like all her tests showed things are ok to get pregnant.
1056553	Is it possible for me to take ultram, Benadryl and zyrtec d?	Yes it is possible However the combination might make you sedated and feel impaired significantly if you are not used to taking them together.
6623464	V heavy daily binge drinker for 1yr. Hav abit of liver area pain afta quittin ,Ct,US, 3 sets of blood clear shud I still worry as discomfort stil der?	If.. If all tests are negative and you already quit drinking then most likely there is no major issues going on. You could also be having gastritis or acid reflux. Try to modify your diet. Eat low fat, non fried foods, avoid sauces, spicy foods, caffeine, chocolate, mint, too much bread. All those can cause symptoms in your stomach and it may look like is your liver. However, always follow with your dr
1440531	Cramp-like/aching left side chest pain. I sometimes feel it shift through to my shoulder. 21, active. Good EKG, heart enzymes, and X-ray 2 weeks ago.	Muscular or anxiety At your age and with normal blood work as well as ECG it's unlikely you are having a heart attack.
1123112	Iam sandhya, 27. Iam having bulky uterus with uterine fibroid.Uterus bulky & anteverted. Measures13.8x9.4x12.8cm.12.1x11.6x10.7cm in posterior wall?	Surgery When fibroids cause problems, for the vast majority of women surgery is required. The type of surgery depends on your age, reproduction and the type, size and locations of the fibroids.
1384170	Period was 5 days late (always on time) finally came but no usual symptoms like cramps, nausea, dizziness, bloating. Could I be pregnant ?	Probably not Menses arr not always perfect
1498743	Frequent bowel movements, sometimes constipated. Bowel never feels empty. Sudden urge to go. Abdominal pain reliefed by going. Blood, stool neg IBD? ?	Yes, definitely IBS is a brain/body condition and is usually produced by poor diet.
1498744	I am low in all haemoglobin, RBC, PVC, MCV, MCH, MCHC but a high RDW. My iron is only 1.6 umol/L. Is it possible I have thalassemia?	This is serious If your physician has not already had a serious talk with you about what is probably iron deficiency anemia, get with a physician who's a better communicator. You haven't shared the exact numbers, but the smart money is on iron deficiency, with thal and a few others needing to be ruled out. Even if you have heavy periods / recent pregnancy, you need a competent workup. Demand good care.
1240248	Dizzy spells.Joint pain.Hot/cold episodes. Bloating. Nausea. Fatigue. Weakness. Low blood count- thyroid meds no help. Drs baffled-no cancer.	Non-medical issues? When doctors are baffled, many times it helps to use your own natural healing abilities. ..The mind body connections which require you to exercise, reduce stress(exercise, like daily walks can do wonders for you) eat healthy, get adequate rest and 7-8 hrs of sleep, take time off from work to reduce stress. This will strengthen your mind which controls how your body feels and functions.
1568550	Knee popping on outside of knee, when bending such as squats. Leads to knee stiffness but no pain ?	Meniscus most likely a lateral meniscus tear, need a MRI.
6677534	Im having diarrhea, nausea, cramps, headache, light headed  and I'm 3 days late on my period do you think it could be signs that I'm pregnant?	HPT Take a pregnancy test to know. They are inexpensive and accurate. Take care.
1527986	I've been getting really bad red, dry, itchy  and sore spots on my arms and in my neck, I work at a salon and it keeps flaring up, please help!!	See Derm In your line of work you come in contact with a lot of people and chemicals. You may have a flea/ tick/ louse infestation that you picked up from a customer or a reaction to the products you are using. Might also be from something entirely different, llke scabies or a seasonal variation of eczema. Go to your Dermatologist, a quick skin analysis should yield an answer .
993429	I suffer from floaters, muscle/joint pain, tremors in arms and hands, numbness and tingling in arms and hands, headaches, worsening vision, memory loss, frequent UTI and illness. Is it possible that i might be suffering from ms?	See a neurologist See a neurologist for the neuro symptoms and a rheumatologist for the joint pain. Best wishes. Many diagnostic possibilities.
1030557	My doc won't send me for a colonoscopy even though blood was detected in my stool. What should I do?	colonoscopy is neces If you are over 35 and see blood then a colonoscopy is necessary, especially if you have a family history of polyps or colon cancer.
1454263	My doctor said Remeron is normal to take with SSRIS,I take Celexa . Just started Remeron tonight, but am worried I will get Serotonin Syndrome? 7.5mg.	Possible. But unlikely. Discuss your concerns with the prescribing doc. If you are well aware of the symptoms you can recognize the syndrome early and stop the remeron.
1273448	I have neck pain, fluid behind ear, swollen glands in neck and cold sore all on the right side.  Dr. Put me on amoxil and steriods. Is this normal?	Yes You probably have a viral syndrome. Steroids may make you feel better.
1391408	Large cancer tumor on knee back two years after major surgery on it. 87 y.o. Will cancer not spread faster if they don't get it all?	It depends Most bony tumors are often resectable with the likelihood of a cure. And if this was just a big chondrosarcoma, even if some tumor was knowingly or inadvertantly left behind, they are usually super-slow growers.
1394387	Mild pain in left ear that gets worse with very quick shard stabbing pain on top/left/back side of head, along with extreme tenderness in the scalp?	Many causes This could be an ear infection, mastoiditis, pinched nerve, shingles or other causes. You will need to see a doctor to determine what is causing this. If pain is severe or you have fever, stiff neck, vomiting, numbness or weakness, or other worrisome symptoms, see a doctor today. Good luck!
1094852	I have a big lowee segment uterine fibroid.  I miscarried 4 months ago.  I see brown stains and at times blood in my pants. Can i conceive soon?	Yes But risk of miscarriage is high. You may need to have the fibroid surgery before conception. Didcuds with your doctor.
1391150	What does it mean when you have a dark rim around iris eyes are different color pressure from eyes up to top of head blurred vision and a sore nose?	Unclear See your doctor. The area around the iris s the remainder of the eye known as the sclera. This is the white portion of the eye. If there is some coloration this needs to be evaluated by ophthalmologist. This area can be injected or red in appearance to inflammation. Part of your symptoms sound like presymptoms of shingles. Clearly needs further evaluation promptly. See your doc urgent care, or ER
6687997	Take birth control pills, but I've had 4 days of breakthrough bleeding, stomach pain and sore brests. But I know I have not missed a pill.	Breakthrough First check a pregnancy test as even perfect birth control use can lead to a pregnancy (about 3%). If it continues, I would see your GYN to see if the pill is the source of bleeding or something else.
655101	My son has mini black hairs above his scrotum but is still short and has a high voice.  Is he going through the early stages of puberty?	Early puberty Yes he is.
76859	I have multiple swollen lymph nodes in neck and back of head. They never get bigger their just there. Biggest one is 2.25 cm. Cancer?	Not Necessarily I would see your doctor if this is the case. A variety of things can cause swollen lymph nodes and it is important to figure out if this could be something more serious.
527472	I am competitive dancer and two days ago i suddenly had very painful aches and soreness in my right thigh above my knee. My knee is also popping. Help?	Ortho Would advise seeing an orthopedist and hold the dancing till you are evaluated.
1395523	Today around lunch I suddenly got dizzy after looking at computer screen, had headache and vomited 3 times. Took tylenol,drank gatoraid & slept, feel better now. Migraine? my mom & bro had them.	Possibly Won't know until it becomes a pattern, as has to be recurrent headache to be migraines. Sounds possible.
799634	My sister is 16 yrs old. She has frequent urination, missed periods and abdominal bloating. Ovarian cancer?  These symptoms will not go away.	Need to be seen Assuming she is not pregnant (and a home pregnancy test is inexpensive and accurate), a physical exam and possibly an ultrasound should help with the diagnosis. Cancer is unusual but not impossible in a 16 y/o, but non cancer cysts in the ovaries and many other disorders can give similar symptoms.
1395524	How do I prevent penicillin from giving me a vaginal yeast infection?	Probiotics If you will eat a six ounce carton of yogurt with active cultures, drink eight ounces of buttermilk or take a probiotic daily while taking your penicillin. This will decrease, but not eliminate the possibility of getting a vaginal yeast infection.
833585	Sore tummy, brown stretchy discharge and itchy vagina. Is it a yeast infection or something else?	Please see Please see your gynecologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This could be many diseases.
1215232	Could acute sinusitis include just facial pain, terrible headache /forehead sides &back of head&neck, pain behind eyes, heaviness in head?I've these?	Yes Yes. See your doc asap. It could be sinusitis or something more serious. Don't delay.
1570531	I feel better I took inhaler but my fever is 100.5 took tylenol but it's not going down any other idea someone can help me to get fever down?	Ibuprofen Or none first of all, fever by itself is not dangerous. Is your body's way of fighting infection. If you do not feel bad with the fever, you don't need to take any medicine. If you're not feeling well with a fever then you can try ibuprofen.
39254	Can radiation therapy treat breast cancer that has come back in the lung?	If it causes a Symptom, it can relieve it, but it will not stop the appearance of oter cell clusters at remote locations, and should not be considered a "cureative" treatment, but moe a symptom relieving treatment, palliation.
1469218	I have anxiety and OCD about my heart rate and blood pressure. Can your heart beat go so fast you die? often when I see it higher this the worst fear.	Yes. If sufficient tachycardia continues over time, it is possible to cause heart failure and eventually die. It would have to be significantly above sinus tachycardia >120 for hours or days. People with paroxysmal atrial tachycardia can have heart rates around 150-250bpm. Atrial flutter around 300bpm. Of course ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation leads to death quickly within minutes.
6631619	Headaches over 2 months now seen doctor previously said nothing wrong now starting to get tingle sensation in head and pain in top of neck, also getting dizzy spells like I'm just about to black out.	Neurologist Please consider having your health provider send you to a neurologist for evaluation of your group of symptoms.
1288247	So i took two pregnancy test that came out positive at first i felt tired, soreness on my breast, fatigue, and slight mild pain on my left abdominal, ?	Pregnancy I don't understand your question. You need to rephrase it. It seems that you are pregnant and are having some first trimester symptoms. Take care!
1394629	My BP is 104/65 and it has been staying like this for a few days and experiencing tightness in the center of the chest had ECG and stress test 2 mnt ago it was ok what's the cause cardio, GERD muscle?	Numbers numbers numb The bp is fine. In light of stress test which was negative other DX may be considered. Musculoskeletal pain vs gastritis vs GERD vs anxiety...etc
6762761	I'm 33.  Left index finger tip above first indent line hurts really bad, is swollen, and tight.  I have no known injuries with my left hand.	Infection. Sounds like you may have an infection. This is serious, especially if it is in the joint. You need to be seen today. The sooner the better!
680956	Will a sudden retracted nipple and slight burning mean breast cancer?	Could be, but not Necessarily. You need to have further tests, such as mammogram, ultrasound, and possibly a biopsy to tell for sure. Get to a doctor.
1549184	Is bleeding every other week no pain or cramps with nausea, tiredness, headaches and breast fullness a sign of cancer??	It can be Bleeding every 2 weeks can be a sign of endometrial cancer. I would be wise to have a GYN MD evaluate your bleeding with an appointment and possible biopsy.
6779589	Hi I have had episodes of vision loss in my left eye which lasts around 20/60 seconds. I also have constant pulsatile tinnitus. Could this be linked?	Need examination You clearly have something needing immediate assessment to avoid permanent damage. Your symptoms could be from a myriad of problems both of those problems together could be seen in one particular disorder for which you may be at risk for given your age and gender called IDIOPATHIC INTRACRANIAL HYPERTENSION. Make an appointment to get things started: www.healthtap.com/drsaghafi Key Code: PDXFNR
546877	Have endometriosis. Cramps have been getting worse but are really bad today, no bleeding. Taking Depo-Provera for 7 mths.  What to do?	Try motrin I would try Motrin 800g every 8 hrs if you are not allergic to it and if it is not helpful then see your dr. For an exam and ultrasound.
1015169	Very sexually active, no period last month , negative pregnant test, period 3 days late. What's going on?	Protection? You don't mention the issue of protection. Without it, you may very well be pregnant even if the first test was negative. They need to be done after the right time, correctly and they are not perfectly accurate. Have a test at a clinic or a doctor's and in the future, do use protection if you do not wish to be pregnant. Best!
1312317	Have swollen lymph nodes on both sided of my groin. Left side swelling has gone down but not the right. No pain anymore. Is there something wrong?	Dx requires testing There is something potentially wrong, ranging from benign to more serious. I would suggest evaluation including blood tests, and if inconclusive, may require scans and biopsy.
6644671	White small pimple like thing on the inner lining of cheek in d mouth...three of them.. Painful..what r dey??no smoking alcohol can't b std also..	Mouth lesions they could be a viral enanthem
379810	Can bee stings make your whole leg swell, even if you're not allergic? I got stung by a bee medial to my left knee about 36 hours ago, i never saw the bee, i just had to assume by my symptoms that it was a bee. The sting has been swelling non-stop since i	Sting That is a pretty significant reaction and could also be a spider bite. See your allergist for testing.
6737845	Sore on top of finger red and swollen and feels warm not sure if it's a bite what too do what could it be ?	SORE ON FINGERTIP IT COULD BE MANY THINGS! BUT SEE YOUR DOCTOR RIGHT AWAY . . .
1040363	My symptoms are: rapid heart beat, slow heart beat, fluttering in my chest, feeling my heart beat, pain in my chest, lightheaded, and dizziness. ?	See a doctor The symptoms you are describing can be dangerous please see your doctor asap or go to the emergency department.
6733748	Having Chronic Pain in (L) Knee. Done Physical Therapy & Injections & meds.  nothing helps. Dx Was chondromalacia with effusion. what else can i do.	Surgical consult Physical therapy, medications, bracing, and injection therapy are the most common nonoperative treatments for chondromalacia. If you are still having problems, you might need to explore surgical options such as a cartilage transplantation.
398904	Pregnancy help i believe i ovulated during my period. I had unprotected sex during my period. It is exactly 6days after my period and i had drops of blood in my underwear this morning. Had lower abdominal pains/cramps yesterday. Implantation bleeding? Is	Hello. Hello. A female does not ovulate during her menses. Impregnation does not normally occur during menses. If a male and female had unprotected intercourse toward the end of the female's periods, there is a possibility that there could still be sperm alive for up to a week later to fertilize an egg. Implantation into the uterine mucosa can occur between 6 to 12 days after fertilization (average is aroud 9 days). Spotting can occur about a day after implantation. A serum pregnancy test dould be positive about three to four days after implantation. A urine pregnancy test could be positive about five to six days after implantation. Pregnancy is not likely in the scenario as described. However pregnancy can occur even when unlikely.
1040367	Sept9 posted about painful lymph nodes..Since have fatigue, glands still up. Hard painless lump behind ear. Epstein virus test positive. What is it?	Mononucleosis Classic description of the viral illness mononucleosis. Contagious by oral contact.Self-limited, but can be chronic.No antimicrobials are needed since this is viral, but secondary streptococcus infection could require treatment. In some cases the spleen can enlarge and even rupture, so limited activity is sometimes recommended. Good luck.
1536650	I feel weak and fatigued and have a sore throat. I also have swelling just below my jaw (under my ear). Are these symptoms of mono?	Could be Could be mpno, or URI, or other things. If symptoms have been present for more than a week, see your MD.
6777731	Hi, i woke up this morning with a very swollen knee. There is little to no pain its just extremely tight and swollen. I dont recollect whether i injured it or not but it may of resulted from squating. Its been 3 days since that and the swelling appeared t	Ice and advil if not better in day or two may need to have it checked
273121	Im a her 2 stage 3 breast cancer patient my dr advice me to have zometa every 6 mos . Is zometa can help prevent bone metastasize? Is it helpful to avoid bone cancer?	Debatable There is some suggestion that zometa may prevent development of bone metastases. But it is still not a standard of care because one study suggested a benefit which has not been confirmed in further studies. I will leave it up to the judgment of your oncologist and you
1112307	Dr.I am not using any birth control pills.But use tha medicine vitamin E \u0026 ovi-f for 5 day during periods.Why bleeding like sporting evey wash.Plz tel? I want to be pragnent but can't understand.	Stop taking vit E Because it causes blood thinning and bleeding. Eat lots of green leafy vegetables to offset the bleeding. Follow up with your oby. God bless u! http://health.howstuffworks.com/pregnancy-and-parenting/pregnancy/conception/ten-tips-for-optimal-conception.htm. http://m.voices.yahoo.com/10-herbs-promote-fertility-increase-chances-2491984.html.
1434228	I've been getting red dots on my legs/hips lately. They are not raised but are a little sore. one was itchy & turned into  big bruise! What are they?	Needs checkup possible petechiae that are small fine red dots, may need to check your plateletes from a CBC and also coag studies
6711923	I have a burning sensation when i pee, and noticed 3 small bumps that are clear, itchy when touched, on the side of penis. what is this? gf of 5 month	Std STD most likely Herpes See an MD while you have the rash so you can be diagnosed and treated
1365294	What causes intermittent burning pain in tips of shoulders?Mostly right side.Both sides pain between neck and shoulder. Fear cardiac.PCP says heart ok	Shoulder pain You mar have impingement of your cervical nerves. .see a doctor to get some neck xrays
6750850	I missed my period then i had spotting only when i wiped then it went to light blood and now its clots of blood and its been like this for a week?	Dysfunctional Bleed We call this dysfunctional uterine bleeding. Any chance of pregnancy? If so, recommend home pregnancy test on first morning urine. If neg, repeat in 7-10 days. If both neg unlikely you are pregnant and this is a miscarriage. If this continues for another 3-5 days, will need to see your gyn provider for evaluation and treatment. Hope this was helpful. Best of luck with this. Dr R
1492625	Severe arm and hand tingling like electric shock when I tilt my head back 
Also neck pain arm numbness?	Radiculopathy It sounds like a disc has herniated in your neck or some other issues closing off the opening your nerve roots run through to exit the cervical spine. These are classic symptoms and I recommend seeing a physician sooner than later to identify if there is anything emergent or surgical necessity to avoid arm paralysis. You may not need anything but a Medrol dose pack, but get checked to be sure.
991161	Sclerosis on sacroiliac xray?	Sometimes arthritis Sclerosis at sacroiliac joints can indicate an arthritic change. Sometimes this area of involvement is associated with some autoimmune inflammatory bowel diseases such as crohns disease and ulcerative colitis. Reactive arthritis is also possible, Probably most of time sclerosis coincidental finding and patient asymptomatic.
6719659	I crushed hand two weeks ago. I got it x-rayed, no fracture. Now I have a small painful lump at the base of pinky finger palm side. What could it be?	Painful finger lump Could be a ganglion cyst , they develop when there is repetitive stress and a crush injury could be stress enough. Sometimes they go away on their own or can be aspirated ,rarely need surgical removal. Could also be tendon partial tear ( would not see unless MRI) f/ u w/doc http://www.assh.org/handcare/hand-arm-conditions/ganglion-cyst
99648	Could I have a neck tumor or a lymph node from cancer elsewhere if large?	That or infection Enlarged lymph nodes in the neck may be due to tumor in the head and neck area or even in the chest or abdomen. However, there may be a more benign explanation, such as infection in the mouth, throat or in the lymph node itself.
1502241	I'm on the implanon and haven't had a period in almost 2 to 3 months. My nipples are very hard and sore and I've been having unprotected sex. Pregnant?	Implanon For opener you were having protected sex for pregnancy BUT unprotected for sexually transmitted diseases. Implanon is an effective contraceptive. One of the side effects of progesterone only contraception is abnormal bleeding, meaning no bleeding to bleeding everyday. Be thankful you fall into the group with no bleeding. You need to protect yourself from sexually transmitted diseases.
529325	Pain in  the back of my neck  is that a muscle disorder?  And would that give me pressure in the  back if my head on my forehead and cheek numbness	Time for exam It's a little difficult to put that all together. Head and forehead pressure could be sinus infection. If your neck is stiff and you have these symptoms go see the er today, it could be meningitis. Most neck pain is due to straining the muscles and ligaments of the neck, with lifting or sleeping in a strange position. True cheek numbness is serious, and should be examined by an ENT doctor.
687093	Having ear pain, swollen left lymph node, very sore throat and left jaw pain?	Possible infection Infection in the tonsils, back of tongue, or space behind the palate could cause all of these symptoms. Could be either viral or bacterial. If you have fever or difficulty opening your mouth i would be worried about an abscess adjacent to the tonsil which would need to be drained. In these cases i would suggest er visit or see ENT tomorrow.
1291286	Uc for last 17 years & on medicines. Now in remission. Constipation and lower backache for last 3 days. What should  i do. Little blood & stool id pas?	Meds help With uc under control and no frequent bm, constipation should be handled as with normal bowel using stool softner and periodic use of fleets enema when constipation severa and causing back pain.
6617282	Is taking Xanax and Valium okay for treating GAD (generalized anxiety disorder) and chronic back pain?	Not wise It is not wise to take both of these medications at the same time. They are both in the same class and this could lead to overdose or addiction. Was this prescribed by your doctor? If so, ask him/her about the potential risks and benefits. If not talk to him/her.
673585	Tested positive  chlamydia & negative hiv, gonorrhea &syphilis  was given  one time 2 tablet treatment of azithromycin & week supply erythromycin with serve pains in stomach, pooping & urinating help?	Do not take E-mycin Unfortunately you were given an old medication that is toxic to your body, erythromycin. But, the Azithromycin was a good choice to treat chlamydia. Since I do not know where you got the Erythromycin or why it was given to you i cannot comment on that. But, the Azithromycin was appropriate.
1202633	Help the tip of my penis is red and the skin looks like its peeling and its shiny skin what is this?	Fungal infection Swelling and redness of the tip of the penis is called balanitis and in uncircumcized males, phimois. This is usually caused by low grade fungal infections and will respond well to precsription antifungal-cortisone creams. Avoid tight fitting undergarments, use only cotton and have your private doctor phone in rx for treatment. This condition requires visulaization and careful hand washing.
249399	2weeks & 6day since last period had unprotected sex during ovulation I have skight cramping an back pains head aches tiredness n mood swings pregnant?	NO You are not pregnant. You have to miss 1 period before you do pregnancy test by blood exams.
1473496	Streak of bright red blood on stool.  Some pain after bowel movement.  What could cause this? Worried about cancer.	Hemorrhoids is probably the cause other possiblilites are anal fissure, cancer or the rectum. See your doctor.
1544558	13 weeks pregnant have two cysts on both ovaries have been having stinging sharp low pain on sides have had cysts since I was 6 weeks pregnant?	Maybe normal A corpus luteum cyst is normal in pregnancy and not did't tuning. We also know that women ovulate while pregnant which produces cysts so this may be normal. The characteristics of the cysts are important to help know the cause. Follow up with ultrasound would be advisable if they are worrisome and surgery only of absolutely necessary. Hope this helps.
1482390	I got checked for STDs, and I am clean. Yet the area around my vagina and the area around and in my anal cavity are itchy; why is that?	Allergic Dermatitis One can have allergic or contact dermatitis in the vulvar area. Also, Lichen sclerosis can cause itching. Hemorhoids and fissures can cause itching in anal area. Please see a doctor
567351	Is it okay to take gabapentin and tramadol together for pain relief?	Yes, but Tramadol is a non opioid analgesic being given for moderate to severe pain. Gabapentin is an anti-convulsant being prescribed for neuropathic type of pain. Both medications also come in an extended release formulation. Gabapentin should be taken regularly . While the regular or immediate release tramadol can be taken when one has episodes of moderate to severe pain.
119935	Is this a mild case of stomach flu if diarrhea and no vomiting?	Could be Hard to say but very well may be. Stay well hydrated and see a doctor if not better in 5-7 days.
1145610	Can you tell me is herpes simplex virus (causes cold sores) contagous?	YES If it is expressing any fluid, it is very contagious.
6699063	HELP PLEASE! got my period this month, lasted 2 days and a week later i still have sore breasts and pain in my left ovary. ovulating? can't be pregs .	Sore Breasts Sore breasts can have many causes other than pregnancy. Excessive caffeine and salt can both contribute to tenderness. Tenderness is also commonly experienced in the second half of the cycle due to progesterone. Pain in an ovary can be associated with ovulation or with a corpus luteum cyst that forms after ovulation. Hope this helps.
1100797	Can ebv/mono cause tremors at night as a symptom? Internal tremors in the upper body.	Mono sweats Your symptoms are not likely tremors but are the rigors that go along with a temperature elevation from the infection. Take some tylenol or Motrin and it should help. Remember, no contact sports while you are in the active phase of the mono. Usually this lasts for 30 to 40 days. Good luck.
904397	Is brca genetic testing a simple blood test?	Simple blood test Women w/ 2+ immediate family members w/ a hx of breast/ovarian CA at 50% chance of developing breast cancer. If you have it, get screened with CA-125 blood test, ultrasound, mammogram/MRI, usually starting at age 30. Surgery after childbearing.
1399164	36+5 wks preg was told had beginning UTI got rocephline shot now having itching feeling in vagina could it be yeast infection?	Yes This is certainly possible. How recently were you given the injection, if it has been 48-72 hours since the injection you may have yeast. This can be confirmed and a prescription or medication for the yeast can be prescribed by OB. I would contact you OB on call and see what he or she suggests.
493213	I have been sick for 2 weeks now my symptoms inclue nausea fatigue stomach pains dizziness headaches soreness in body and i also have asthma and it se?	Get evaluated.... If you have been sick that long you need to get checked today. A bladder infection is the most likely cause, but there is a long list of other potentials illnesses.
6674043	White patch on slightly swollen right tonsil.patch firmer than the rest of tonsil&not raised.No pain.Stiffness in neck&fullness in ear.6 month smoker.	Quit Quit smoking as soon as you can. See a doctor also.
657439	I had unprotected sex 2 days ago and today my vagina smells like strong fish. What do I do?	Bacterial vaginosis Most likely you have bv, an overgrowth of vaginal bacteria that requires very specific prescription medication. Often, semen also can have a very distinct odor. Have him wear a condom to see if it helps. Also, see your healthcare provider if it doesn't resolve.
1039814	Ever since i moved to college i've been experiencing bowel problems such as bloating, gas, diarrhea, rectal mucus discharge. What's the cause of this?	See a GI doctor Could be several issues, including the possibility of onset of an inflammatory bowel disease because of the presence of mucous in stools. May also be a simple infection like giardia, but need stool specimen examined and full history and physical and possibly endoscopy. Good luck and best wishes.
219290	Bloating, cramps, stomach pains, headache, backpain, some days wake up in a bad mood? Last 2 periods were 36 days apart so should  start in one week?	PMS/PMDD It is possible that you are experiencing premenstrual disphoric disorder (pmdd--formerly known as pms), which is quite common. Motrin/aleve are good options for cramps/headaches etc.. If the mood is bothersome to u, it probably bothers others even more, so consult doc for some help/treatment. The pills will likely help regulate your period and other meds(prozac/zolfoft etc..) for mood. Good luck.
810277	Why does my throat feel dry and itchy and why do I get dizzy?	It could be a sign Of allergy. Follow up with your dr and have an allergy test done.
657434	My vagina smells like fish and everyday when i go to the bathroom there is this crusty stain on my underwear. Help?	Bacterial vaginosis Most likely you have bv, an overgrowth of vaginal bacteria that requires very specific prescription medication. Often, semen also can have a very distinct odor. Have him wear a condom to see if it helps. Also, see your healthcare provider if it doesn't resolve.
6751870	It has been 32 days since I had unprotected sex and ever since then I have been very bloated, I'm having lower stomach cramps, I've been dizzy, light headed, constipated, my period never came on but I had very light spotting for three days around the time	Pregnancy test Get a pregnancy test to rule out pregnancy.
554227	Unprotected sex 3weeks ago . Period came 3days early and lasted for 3days . Breast feel full , moody , lower back pain fatigue . Could i be pregnant ?	Not impossible Best to check hpt. If (-) and symptoms persist, best to see dr for history&exam to see if another source to your symptoms.
1542680	Mri showed white spots, suspected MS, but spinal tap normal. Neuro says white spots benign, but what exactly causes them?	Many reasons Smoking, hypertension, diabetes, prior head injury, migraines, prior strokes, changes in arteries, vasculitis, infections, some medications, etc. If you are concerned that the "white spots" are not benign, get another opinion.
1379061	Would symptoms such as cramping or diarrhea occur every day for someone with gluten intolerance or Celiac disease if they eat lots of gluten daily, or would symptoms be less frequent and less obvious?	Daily They would be very uncomfortable.
1164346	Period came 4 days early 1 day of a light/medium flow the next 3 days light spotting an now watery pink brown discharge but 4 negative pregnancy tests?	Imbalances of Hormones can cause some menstrual irregularity.
377484	I am nausea when i burp alittle bit of blood comes up i feel like I have fever and im dizzy what can I do what should I do	GI bleeding Burping brings up some gastric contents and if there is blood u need eval now. See ur pcp or a GI specialist. Could b esoghagitis, gastric inflamation or ulcer or a duodenal ulcer. Get in now 4 eval! feeling dizzy may b due 2 blood loss and low hemaglobin.
1241830	Help please! i'm having knee injury. It's swollen and not painful but can still walk?	Swollen knee You need to get an x-ray and may have to have some fluid drawn from your knee and sent for analysis.
6714724	I had gall bladder removed in jan 2015 for the last week I have had yellow stool more like diarrhea with mucus and abdominal pain?	Likely not related Your recent stool changes are not related to your gallbladder being removed 4 months ago.
798321	Itchy red rash around anus. Only on buttocks not vaginal.  Looks like chafing gone wrong.  Feels hot and is definitely a little swollen.	Intertrigo The rash could be intertrigo or a cellulitis. If it is hot to touch, see a physician as soon as possible to make sure it is not a cellulitis which would need oral antibiotics quickly to treat. Intertrigo is a rash that occurs in folds of skin and can be treated with topical creams usually.
1142207	Rectal bleeding for the past 4 days. Bright red blood on toilet paper and stool. However, no abdominal or rectal pain. Should i be worried?	See a doctor It may be nothing serious, but it does require evaluation.
508547	Had the flu since tuesday!  now having trouble breathing, dizziness, heart palpitations. Should i go 2 er? If I do would they do blood work/ ekg?	Be seen The palpitations should prompt you to be seen. As to the flu, keep hydrated and take tylenol or Motrin for fevers and body aches. You should take tamiflu early in the course of the disease, but it is too late for it to make a difference now.
1180425	Hcg levels on 2/3/14 were 19119. Abdominal & transvaginal u/s on 2/7/14 showed gestational sac 14.5 mm but no yolk sac or embryonic pole. Problem?	Yes You have an empty egg or a blighted ovum.
6772769	I am female, age 48. I had uterus cancer. Dr removed uterus and filipine tubes. Now I had urine infection with pus cells 50-60% and contains equali. 
?	Unassociated Your uterus and your urinary system are not connected and should not be affecting each other. Get treated for your urinary infection and get regular gynecological exams to ensure that you do not have recurrence of cancer.
403924	Swollen and sore vagina after sex. A couple weeks ago i noticed my vagina was sore and itchy, figuring it was a yeast infection, i bought the suppositories and external relief cream. I finished taking the suppositories after i ran out of what was given (3	If If your symptoms are still present please see your doctor for an evaluation. Often times when a woman thinks she has a yeast infection, it could actually be a bacterial infection. If your symptoms have resolved then maybe it was a yeast infection and has cleared. Lastly, the best time to resume sex is after you complete the appropriate treatment. Take care.
1484396	Are sleeping aids such as zzzquil, nyquil or equates sleeping aid..and so on.. bad to regularly use?	Sleep treatments Medicines that cause us to feel sleepy prevent us from sleeping properly. They are best for the short term, such as when you have traveled, or when you are sick, and find it hard to fall asleep. For frequent trouble sleeping, there are better solutions, such as looking into something called sleep hygeine, and then looking for a cause when that does not help.
514889	Have a rash on stomach legs and fingers.Red bumps itchy one with ring white in middle that is gone did scabies treat still itchy and rash what is this?	Still may have You may still have scabies, see. Dermatologist for follow up. It could still be something else.
1379242	I have been prescribed dexarhina nasal spray for upper respiratory infection,  but it does nothing for my stuffy nose, can I replace it with otrivin?	Well I presume that dexrhina contains Dexamethasone which should not be used for infection and would not be expected to work. I also presume the otrivin is a nasal decongestant which can be used but should be limited to no more than 5 days .
513367	I have a raised red circle on my left upper thigh that itches and hurts . I don't  know what it is but it's bothering me?	Could be This could be a fixed drug eruption. See your dermatologist to get the final answer.
6720063	I wont see my ent dr. till monday what can i do till then i think i have a ear infection and a sore throat with dry cough its harder laying down.	Go to urgent care You can visit and get checked up . They might do rapid strep test and see if you need antibiotics. In mean while take pain medicines as needed .
695194	My mum has protein in her urine.  Blood pressure and pulse rate are normal.   What is the protein in urine indicative of?	Proteinuria A normal amount of proteinuria (p) per day is 80 mg. You mom needs to have a neprhologist order a 24 hour urine for p to see how much of it she has. Blood work will also be sent off to see if she has diabetes or a glomerular disease causing her to have her p. She also may need a kidney biopsy to determine a diagnosis, prognosis and a treatment plan if the blood work is not diagnostic of the cause.
508897	Lupus panel negative. Sed rate 30 should b under 20. Ana positive w/ spec pattern. Serum protein electrophoresis test normal. Cbc  ok. Metabolic ok.?	Any joint pain? Positive ANA and elevated sed rate. If you have joint pains it would be advisable to follow up with a rheumatologist. You have some kind of inflammatory process going on. Both test are very nonspecific and further work-up is needed.
940911	Feel pain at the back of the head-neck-uuper shoulder(just above the shoulder blade), dizziness,  what's this? Need advise. Is it in the head or spine?	Muscle pain It appears to be a muscle spasm in the trapezius muscle. Try some ice if it is a few days old. If longer try some moist heat like a warm compress. Put a wet towel in the microwave and warm it. Test is with your hand, so it does not burn your skin. Then place it on your shoulder for twenty mins each hour. You can also take some Motrin for the pain 600 mg, 3 tabs of the 200 mg tabs. Good luck!
1179413	I have been having pressure in my nose i went to the doctor to get meds now i'm experiencing headaches and tingling sensation in my head is this norma?	Not sure what you Mean by "meds" but if your doctor prescribed a prescription nasal spray some folks can develop frontal headaches after using them. If that is the issue then it is not "normal" and your should discontinue the spray and call your doctor.
1549728	Hello, im getting hives on my knees and elbows they are really itchy they are coming and going i also seem to have them on my ears.	Are they raised? Hives are raised wheals and thus I wonder if your rash is really hives being confined to knees and elbows. I suppose hives from pressure can occur at these pressure points but they are not itchy. Please provide info related to duration and appearance of these "hives". In general, it is really difficult to tell what they may be without a picture and a more detailed description.
1037866	White bump on lower lip for almost a year seems to be under the skin have tried picking it off but grows back within weeks? Could it be a wart ?	Well, can't see your Lesion. Recommend that instead of guessing, that you see your dermatologist. Ask for a full body, head to toe eval in addition to the lesion on your lower lip.
1432594	Have painful urination, did urine test for infection, ultrasound of bladder and kidneys, blood test, Crp, CBC, etc , and normal. what could this b?	Dysuria Painful urination in a man could be due to proatitis , an infection in the prostat gland. Even though your blood tesns are normal two important conditins must be test one is a urethal symdrome where only the tip of the urethra is inflammed ot the prostate gland infection. Both cases will be relieved by a coursr of anti biotics
1076831	I had severe flu like symptoms, broke the fever, now I have a very sore throat. Cold air makes it worse. Lots of congestion. All started last thursday?	Homeopathy best If this is true influenza, the most reliable treatment is about 50 grams of vit c given IV but few docs offer this. Sambucol, an elderberry extract, is proven to help. My favorite treatment is homeopathy- the right remedy can be magic! for help finding it see: http://www.Flusolution.Net/remedies.Htm there is not much flu yet in the us (except texas/deep south). See my comment for more info.
1364105	IVF/icsi/ccs pregnancy but miscarried at 7 weeks after seeing heartbeat.i had two natural chemical pregnancies.RPL normal.what could be wrong?uterus?	Early abortions X 3 Since your miscarriages are very early this suggests something other than the uterus. I recommend that you have several serum Progesterone drawn at 3 days intervals after ovulation. It may be that with a low Progesterone supplementing with vaginal Progesterone will get you through the critical period.
572460	I just got over the flu my throat is sore and when i swallow it hurts can this be the flu or could it be my sinus.	Check with your doc It could be either or both or something else. Check with your doc.
6723788	Small, red, scaly bumps on chest, belly, sides, and back. Mildly itchy, most come from back when sitting down. Will this go away on its own?	Dermatitis This may be contact Dermatitis. Have you used any new creams? (sun tan creams), any new detergents to was your shirts?
589623	Would toddler have symptoms w/ skull fracture? He bump heads w/bro. There's a soft red swollen bump on forehead for 3 days. Touch doesn't bother him.	Not likely a fractur A fracture is highly likely to be painful. Keep an eye on the red bump to make sure it is going away over days and not enlarging.
6723787	Painful and stuffy only on left nostril, giving me headaches near eyesocket and brows. Blood tinged mucus when I clear nose. Is it cancer?	Nasal stuffy It could be inflammatory polyp which is benign. Go to ENT doctor for a definitive answer.
6683693	I have stomach bloat, pelvic pain, abdo pain, frequent urination,  dizziness, dull headaches, nausea. Complication with a ?pregnancy or ovarian cancer	No way to... There is no way to tell until you get the appropriate tests for your symptoms. First of all if you suspect you might be pregnant get a pregnancy test. Ovarian cancer is far less common than pregnancy so it is not one of the first things to consider unless you have had a diagnosis of this sort in the past. My recommendation is to see your gynecologist for exam and tests as needed and appropriate.
1507166	Sudden migraine w/ nausea, fever/chills, disorientation, weakness + fainting, & chest pressure with growing sinus congestion & month-long neck pain?	Concerned The chest pressure is concerning. Some causes are minor and some can be life threatening. More information a complete history and physical is recommended by your doctor if you indeed have these symptoms. Please go to the emergency room.
1290662	104.5 f, ear&throat pain, headache (throat 2 ear), lside. Chills suddenly@3pm& fever @6pmpst, rising. 200mg ibuprofen @5. Should i take more ibuprofen/an aspirin, see dr today? Pain 4/10 when swallow.	See your doctor soon 104.5 f fever in a 35 y/o is a very high fever and you need to be seen. You could have a tonsillar abscess or other serious infection. You can take 800 mg of Ibuprofen every 6hrs as needed for the fever and pain.
1319139	I've been having problem with my period since stopping Depo-Provera 1+year so now im taking bc to get a period but it has my breast hard &dark nipples y is dat?	?hormones This could be related to hormonal changes and levels that are occurring as you go from one form of contraception to another. Now that you are on OCP's, monitor the changes and you may need to see a doctor. Good health.
6720205	Had open carpal tunnel surgery on my left wrist in 09/2014. As of late I have been having inner elbow pain and middle finger only pain. Any ideas?	Hand surgeon These symptoms could be due to a recurrence of some carpal tunnel problem. Your hand surgeon is best qualified to evaluate and advise you.
1121453	Does after laproscopic myomectomy the delivery possible only thrgh c section? My fibroids small 2 cm, one intra mural another submucous. Am pregnant 26wks	C section Assuming there was an incision into the myometrium of the uterus for your myomectomy then your doctor will likely recommend a c-section.
1472622	I'm 25yrs,virgin not sexually active,my CT scan  shows retained fluid in the uterus,my period is regular but this month lasts for25 days as spotting ?	Old uterine blood The fluid on the CT scan is probably old blood from the 25 days of bleeding. It might be a good idea to see a GYN MD and find out why.
462247	Left arm pain weakness and numbness. What kind of doctor should I see? Pain is from the elbow down into the hand 39 yr old male	Neurologisr There are many possible causes. The presence of weakness and numbness strongly suggest that nerves are being compressed in the arm. This could eminate fron the neck or from nerve entrapment at the elbow ( cubital tunnel syndrome). A neurologist can diagnose this with elctrical studies and radiographic imagiong as needed.
1263721	I am 150lb (was 128 in nov.) been depressed & I am at highest weight- how do I get back in shape without going into a lupus flare, i feel discusted?	Healthy Diet It is ok to follow a diet and exercise program when you have lupus. You should discuss depression with your doctor and follow their advice re treatment. This is very important for your health. The best type of diet with sle is a balanced calorie restricted diet that allows you to lose no more than 1-2 lb a week on average. Exercise will help but also should be discussed with your doctor first.
6742993	Horrible anxiety, and dizziness. I haven't slept well at all since Thursday night. What can I do? ER and therapist told me take my ativan or valuim which is better? 0.5 ativan or 2mg valium?	Valium is good because it is long acting. u may need higher dose 5, 10 or 15 mg. tried gradually.
1047757	I am not sure if I am pregnant the last time i was sexually active was three weeks ago and I have a lot of symproms but i don't get my period tillnov20?	Possible Check pregnancy test. Only way to know.
929998	There is a bump on my vagina but its huge so i squeezed it and a bunch of puss came out of it and now its gushing out blood what could it be?	Probably An infected cyst. See your doctor for an evaluation.
408832	Should i wrap my arm I am not sure what tendon itis is but i thnk  that is what I have in my right forearm. The muscle from my wrist to my elbow on the top inner arm swelled up and is pretty painful, and i lost a lot of strength in it. Now the swelling ha	You You should go to your local er or walking clinic to be checked. Your information is vague and evaluation is mandatory.
1114070	I am breast feeding my 2month old baby currently. I have sore throat and early symptoms of cold and flu. Can i take tylenol 500mg?	Tylenol Tylenol is perfectly fine to use while breastfeeding.
1218725	2 months short&light periods. Last month late & a lot of clots. Sexually active & slightly underweight. Possibly pregnant or period change due weight?	Due to weight Women who are under or over weight often experience what we refer to as anovulatory cycles. Check a pregnancy test and schedule a visit with an ob/gyn to discuss these issues.
851830	Pain r leg proximal tibia n ankle. Doc says ligament instability what is that? Oteoarthritis in both knees connected?	Instability Usually relates to ligaments which attach to bone. Medial os tibia laxity is unusual more often seen on lateral side or fibula side unless the deltoid ligament is the issue. Mri would be helpful.
1071430	Left arm pain/anxiety, er: normal ecg/bp.  26 years old, very fit. Felt washed out/chest pressure a few times over next month.  Heart, lung, GI issue?	Cocaine If you don't use Cocaine and don't have diabetes, angina at your age is unheard of. It's likely acid reflux, gastritis, or just a sore muscle.
592312	Having increased pain in the kneecap, knee is twisting  feeling unstable 5 months post op acl/mcl no swelling no poping there has been a snapping?	Muscle weakness The feeling of instability can be due to muscle weakness, a torn meniscus or looseness in your acl/mcl. You can measure your thigh circumference 6 inches above each kneecap as crude way of determining muscle atrophy. The other two conditions would need to be evaluated by your surgeon.
768070	Knees were numb, very painful, tingling&had to walk down stairs sideways for weeks. Didnt see doc, but pain lessened. Ran yesterday now knees feel odd.	Hard to say Pain or odd feelings in the knee, including numbness, swelling, catching, clicking are often signs of cartilage, ligament or meniscal issues in the knee. If this problem has persisted over a significant period of time (>2wks), a visit to your local orthopedic surgeon would allow for further investigation.
6780901	I pierced my ear lobes 6 months back .bt they are lill swelled n painfulll n i want to put gold earring bt it hurts n on the right pierced there is this red pimple kind of thing wt shuf i do n how do i put the earring in?	Should be seen You seem to infection of the ear lobes that were pierced. If pain is there and redness too, then best is to refrain from using ear rings till the infection is completely resolved. You should see a doctor who may prescribe a local antibiotic or one orally. Unless the infection is completely resolved you will continue to have pain and trouble.
823599	How many visits does it take for molar root canal? I visited the same dentist more than10 times and still the tooth is sore. I went to a different doctor to get it sealed but it is still painful. What should I do?	Typically 2-3 It takes 2-3 appointments to finish a molar endo/ rct. It might take longer if the infection is persistant or any endo surgery is needed. 10 is still a high number. Are you sure it is to finish the rct and not post, core crown etc.
402012	My daughter started running a high temp and at 6:00 pm i gave motrin and 9:45 pm i gave tylenol when will it be safe for motrin? She is 3 yrs old and i gave 2.5 ml or motrin and 5 ml of tylenol	You You will be able to give Motrin again at midnight. Motrin can be given every 6 hours and tylenol can be given every four hours. Fevers for the most part aren't dangerous and are just the body's natural reaction to fighting off an infection. Most of these infections are viral and may be accompanied by runny nose, sore throat, congestion, mild rash, or nothing at all. Since fevers aren't dangerous, we usually treat the fever with Acetaminophen or Ibuprofen just to make the child more comfortable as their body fights the illness. "red flags" that we look for with fever to indicate something more serious is going on are: -fevers that last 5 days or more -fevers persistently above 104f orally -a child that acts very sick - very irritable or difficult to wake -difficulty breathing -vomiting, diarrhea, refusal to drink, or dehydration -a purple rash, esp on the legs -stiff neck -any complaints of pain such as the ear, throat, stomach or a joint as always, use your judgement. If you think that your child is ill, err on the side of caution and call your child's doctor.
1536019	Does Wellbutrin treat depression and cause weight loss?	Welbutrin is an atypical antidepressant, often tried when SSRI's fail, or sometimes added to potentiate SSRI's. Both SSRI's and Welbutrin were initially touted as less likely to cause weight gain, unlike their predecessors the tricyclics. However, a lot of patients report weight gain with any of the antidepressants. You'll have to try Welbutrin and see, but the chances are statistically a little better...
803410	What's a good way to cure corn/callous on foot help?	Corns/callus Try removing any added stress in those areas. Padding can be helpful along with changes in footwear. Evaluation by a podiatrist would be beneficial.
6740845	Itchy stretch marks, 37 weeks pregnant, what is safe to use to stop the itching. Stretch marks are bumpy and red, underneath belly button.	Moisturize Itching near the end of pregnancy is very common. As your skin stretches to accommodate your little one you get stretch marks and itching. Moisturizing frequently can help with the itchiness. Cocoa Butter and baby oil were my personal favorites. The good news is you're almost there! Congratulations!
876236	I have alot.Of headaches and.They feel like a lot of pressure on my head also behind.My eyes.And my vision is sometimes blurry, why? Possibilities?	Headaches Headaches can be caused by many things, make sure you see a physician who can give you the proper diagnosis and lead you down the correct treatment pathway. Labs and imaging may be needed.
1532923	Started as back pain then gradually all muscles pain with fibrillation MRI for L4 L5 MRI,MRA,mrv for brain CPK 69.emg&ncs cmap all nrml afraid of MS?	May not be MS I would not normally think of pain as the first symptom of MS. If you have had a normal MRI of the brain, that would really be evidence against MS. What about blood electrolytes, such as potassium and phosphorus? What about your strength? Is that normal?
1309352	Tremor in ring finger and index while taking blood pressure and when using my phone. What can cause this? Parkinsons?	&amp;tons of other stuff Dozens of other things can cause tremors in the same fingers and they are not parkinson's. True story- a study done in england years ago that tracked the success rate of "parkinsonologists" in diagnosing parkinson's in patients who had virtually every textbook symptom of the disease. They were wrong 25% of the time! bottom line? Your tremor by itself absolutely doesn't define parkinson's.
384191	Did my ingrown toenail develop into a skin abscess? I've always had irritation from ingrown toenails. Lately, I have even more redness and swelling on my toe near the nail. I clipped the nail several days ago there is still swelling. I actually went to my	It's It's hard to say without examining you whether you actually have an infection, an abscess, or just an overgrowth of granulation tissue from the ingrown nail. If your primary care doctor is unable to help you, you may want to contact a podiatrist in your area. If needed, they can cut out the piece of the nail that is ingrown - sometimes at the root of the nail - and apply a medication to stop the nail from re-growing in that spot and becoming ingrown again. In the meantime, make sure you are soaking your toe in warm water 2-3 times a day for 20 minutes at a time. If it is worsening instead of improving, or if you have increased redness, swelling, pain, drainage, or fever, call your doctor immediately.
274543	Aafter walking I am belching, chest pain, I am so nervous that I think I have heart attack but I hav normal ecg, 2dechoe, and stress test stomach bloated?	Panic Attack U symptoms is typical for panic attack and about 90 percent of patient s who visit the er for chest pain , shortness of breath and r conserned about heart attack , it turns out they have panic attack . However, it is important to r/o cardiac causes.
274541	After I am walking I am belching, chest pain, and bloating I fell so nervous that I think I hav a heart problem but I hav a normal ecg, 2d echoe?	Likely Panic attacks During a panic attacks, you are likely to experience symptoms similar to a heart attack--shortness of breath, pounding/rapid heart beat, sweating, dizziness, chest pain, nausea, and some even passes out. This tends to get worse because every time it happens you get scared and worry about when the next one will come. It is very treatable--many effective options. Please consult doc. Good luck.
1353107	44yo. Tubal 01. Heartburn, fullness, late x8days, abd cramps, breasts tenderness, nausea. Neg HPT x1. Can I be pregnant?	Not likely If you did the hpt correctly at 8 days after a missed period, you are not pregnant. You may wish to repeat the test, use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully.
1017862	What could a red itchy rash on knuckles and elbows be?	Many possibilities There are many types and causes of skin rashes that could cause itching. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
275497	If I test positive for a UTI but they did not test specifically for chlamydia does that mean the UTI was caused by something other than chlamydia?	Chlamidia Uti is caused by different bacteria than chlamydia.
83789	Choking sensation and pain at the back of the head and a mild chest pain what is this sickness. Its been?	See MD Would recommend having your heart checked out . ..
1224632	On antibiotics, white discharge from vagina, itching, few small cracks on vulva. Tiny bleeding when i urinate, heard could be yeast infection?	Yes Probably yeast infection.
869960	My mother has been diagnosed with fibroid (cyst)  inside her uterus (approx 6.5 cm). Should she go thru the hysterectomy procedure? Her age is 41.	Not necessarily Fibroids are a very common tumor of the uterus. Around 25-40% of women in the us may have fibroids. There are very specific reasons for having a hysterectomy for fibroids. Very heavy bleeding that doesn't respond to conservative therapy, severe pelvic pain with or without urination, bm or sex, large size (felt abdominally) and rapid growth among others.Most women with fiobroids don't need hysterec.
1356993	What might cause long term constipation with no diarrhea, pain, or blood? Does excessive anxiety affect bowel habits?	Yes Yes, excess anxiety can affect bowel habits. There are also many other causes of constipation, including low-fiber diets, not enough water in the diet, insufficient exercise, irritable bowel syndrome, hypothyroidism, stress, nerve disorders, depression, and colon cancer, among many other causes. Consider following up with your doctor regarding your long-term constipation.
1411757	Severe middle back pain,  sudden diarrhea, nausea, dizziness.	Go to ER This is concerning. The diarrhea could be a red herring. I would recommend you to to the ER.
1049926	I have persistent strong allergys that accores all day, i never had allergys this strong. Symptoms: nasal congestion, watery eyes, runny nose, sneezy.	Allergy Hello. I'm not sure what your question is however your symptoms do suggest allergy. A trial of zyrtec or Allegra may prove to help more than claritin. Also see your doctor who may wish to refer for testing or try other prescription medication. Good luck.
772701	I been off Depo-Provera shots  for 3 months how long will it take for me to get pregnant and now my breast sore and tender?	It varies Depo Provera is pretty powerful for suppression of the ovaries and it may take up to six months to return to normal ovulation function. Breast tenderness may indicate that the ovaries are once again producing enough estrogen to affect the body. Breast tenderness can indicate an estrogen effect on the breast.
176931	I had endoscopic sinus surgery.  How long do I have to wait before I start doing weights?	My patients 10 days All doctors have different answers to this question. In my patients who have uncomplicated sinus surgery i let them lift weights and perform heavy physical activity 10 days postoperatively. You should, however, check with your doctor.
1213378	My period was feb 16-22 and been spotting since feb 28. If i take a blood or urine pregnancy test could it tell me if I am or not right now?	Maybe blood If your last normal period started on feb 16, you may have a positive blood test if you conceived this cycle, but urine may still be negative. I recommend waiting until a week following the next missed menses to check a urine pregnancy test.
176933	What's endoscopic sinus surgery and is there a non-endoscopic surgery?	Endoscopic=Cameras Endoscopic sinus surgery is sinus surgery done with cameras, and usually done via the nostrils for access (no incisions). Almost 100% of all sinus surgery is done endoscopically because it offers better visualization of the sinuses, no incisions, faster recovery, less bleeding, the list goes on. Rarely an incision is necessary for severe sinus disease, but this is easily <1%.
280360	15 year old boy has had sore throat for 2 weeks one swollen lymph node on right side he has no fever no cold symptoms. Negative strep and mono test	Sinusitis or reflux If he's not getting better, as mentioned, he could have drainage from a sinus infection causing the sore throat, or he could have acid reflux. Those are the types of things a doctor could check him for. A viral infection should go through its various cold-like stages and get better in 7-10 days. Allergies without a secondary infection rarely cause a sore throat.
6770985	Last week I had a sore throat for three days prior to flu symptoms- high fever, muscle aches, chills etc. Could it have been the flu all along?	Mgt It may be due to influenza, although it is early in the season. Other causes can include respiratory viruses and Strep.
6774352	Been to ER several times with chest pains that have gotten worse. Sharp pains woke me and left shoulder/burns.  Normal cbc, echo, stress,  ekg, xray.	Stomach/esophagus If you have not been hooked to an EKG during an episode of pain, you should get further cardiac workup: rule out coronary spasm. If the ED physicians ruled out heart problems, you should see a gastroenterologist; possible further workup includes manometry (checking the tightness of your esophagus), esophageal pH (checking for acid reflux), and an EGD ("upper endoscopy").
351284	I have abdominal pain, bloating, etc. I got a pelvic/abdominal CT scan done and it was normal. Could an ultrasound show something not seen on the CT scan?	See below Unlikely. The ct scan is, as i understand, for the most part, shows more detail than ultrasound, but i would like to see an answer from a radiologist or surgeon.
1043146	I'm having all over abdomen pain but mostly lower pain&bloating  also feeling pain&pressure in my rectum&vagina area when sitting. Usu. When ovulating?	GI versus GYN Your symptoms could be consistent with irritable bowel syndrome (ibs). Endometriosis is a consideration as well.
1189430	I have internal tremors, chest pain and palpitations. Previous gerd(3 yrs ago)and cfs. Could there be a link? Full blood count and resting ECG fine. Anxiety?	Anxiety What you describe can be very stressful and if you have been checked out with ECG and tests then the probable cause is an anxiety reaction or panic attacks. Try to see doctor about anxiety attacks to get help. Decrease alcohol an cigarettes. Try meditation (google it to learn how). Try to reduce stress in your life. If you have religeous beliefs then pray for healing. Healing groups are good.
6681167	Today, I noticed a cluster of small, painless, non irritated bumps on my labia minora. Im not sexually active. I have eczema. Is it just irritation?	Vulvar bumps Most likely not something to worry about. Could be irritation from local topical item, or even systemic reaction to allergen. If persistent then get follow-up.
1189127	I have been suffering from sever itchiness all over my body but especially in my feet, knees and hands. It gets worse and berry red when i scratch.	Allergist It sounds like an allergic reaction to something internal or external. Think about what could be causing it. In the meantime take an anti histamine like benadryl(can make you drowsy) or claritin(less effective but doesn't cause drowsiness). See an allergist if symptoms persist.
1043417	My 3 yr old twin boys were prescribed augmentin for what the doctor says in a sinus infection. Is it possible for them to have that at this age?	Yes Yes, they have sinuses too. They can also get infected. Best wishes. This reminds me of a funny comic drawing of a baby as having only two glands, the giant drool gland in the head and the giant poop gland in their abdomen. Certainly by the age of three the drool gland has receded and there's enough sinus airspace to become problematic :).
338727	I'm on toprol (beta blocker) daily for high blood pressure and high pulse rate. If i skip every now and then bc i forget or something can I die? Will my heart like stop or something bc i skipped it?	You won't die But you may experience more symptoms & higher bp. Please don't skip doses.
1397523	Is there any other way to cure light acne rolling scars (meaning indentation isn't really deep), without the use of any laser treatment?	Acne scars There are other resurfacing options besides laser. You can consider chemical peels. Have your skin evaluated by a. Oars certified physician with expertise in acne scar treatment.
34396	I fell while I was ice skating. My wrist is achy and swollen. Could it be a scaphoid fracture?	Yes Yes, it is very common to fall on an outstretched hand and sustain a scaphoid fracture. Xrays may not always show the fracture and MRI may be needed.
1335594	I have a swollen lymph node in the neck, my ankle is swollen too. Both my feet are hurting.. Plus i have red painful bumps in the feet what's wrong ?	Get evaluated There are too many possible answers to your problems. They may be unrelated to each other. You should be evaluated by a doctor.
988902	Does costochondritis really feel like your having a heart attack?So how can I know which one?Normal 2decho, ecg, stress test, chest xray	Check for tenderness If all your diagnostic tests to check your heart are normal, it's likely that your chest pain is not cardiac in nature. That's great news! costochondritis can mimic cardiac pain but there is usually also tenderness at the junction of the ribs with the sternum at the chest wall. This pain occurs as a result if inflammation at this joint. Treatment with ice and anti inflammatory meds irecommended.
149411	Which is more painful: kidney or gallbladder stones?	Probably kidney Many people who have suffered through a kidney stones describe as the the worst pain of their life.
6641364	Recurring blisters on my pubic area. Definitively stops before my penis and scrotum. Is this recurring shingles outbreak?  Only on an area with hair	Shingles does no "recur" Sounds like FOLLICULITIS (inflammation/infection) of the hair follicles! An antibacterial soap may help Good Luck Dr Z
6614166	I have a headache or migraine every day the eye doctor gave me glasses but they don't help Advil and ibuprofen make them worse what's going on?	Consultation Recommend consultation with a Headache Specialist to evaluate your source of pain. This may be a Physiatrist or Neurologist.
1510109	A small cluster of small red bumps near inner elbow of left arm & a few red bumps around both arms. Itchy. 3rd day now.  What is this?	??Insects Are there spiders about????? Sounds like insect bites Are you a gardner???
144475	Hospitalized w/viral meningitis 2days ago.Now high fever, red spots have gone but nausea, stiff neck & severe headache remains, is she getting better?	Hard to tell From the information you have given it is impossible to tell what the actual diagnosis is or how the patient is doing. This should be discussed at length with the treating doctors.
6794910	Reason for ^ total protein 9.3, albumin 5.2, globulin 4.1, potassium 5.0, calcium 10.3. & AST 35. & my hgb is slightly higher than normal for me @14.5?	Need more info. It's impossible to analyze individual lab values without knowing more, such as the normal ranges at that lab and other medical history at the time of the blood draw. You should ask your doctor for his opinion of those labs. An alternative would be to upload the labs here on HealthTap Prime and have one of our doctors interpret them for you, in the context of your medical history. Good luck.
1428254	My son has resently started to use Ritalin. we had to stop his asthma treatment (Singulair and Alacet).  What alergergy treatment can we use?	Inhaled steroids It sounds like your son may have allergic asthma. The best maintenance treatment would be an inhaled steroid like pulmicort or flovent.
6759049	I still have swollen lymph nodes and slight sore throat after strep treatment. Why? I finished 10 day amoxicillin prescription ~5 days ago.	Sore troat The infection may have been a virus therefore the medication would not have been effective. Also if it was a bacterial infection then there's is alot of resistance to amoxil. Check back in with your primary care doctor. They may want to reexamine you.
6667574	Tiny, red bumps appear on shaft of penis on and off again. About a mm in diameter. No pain, no itchiness. I've recently been tested and was negative. ?	Doctor visit This may need to be seen for diagnosis. See your PCP or dermatologists for evaluation
1520167	Dizzy and little lightheaded achy teeth and headache. Is this common with 857mg of amoxicillin.  I'm on day 4. Can't even drive cause of dizzyness. ..	Very well could be You should call your doctor or pharmacist because since you are on other things it's possible that your symptoms are from the medication. You are also on albuterol, Flovent,.
1444825	I have painful urination, pelvic pain, abnormal vaginal discharge for over 6 weeks.  STDs neg and cultures normal. Treated for BV and yeast. What now?	Urinary track infect you need to be checked for a urinary track infection- cystitis
988927	Lupus sle panel blood test shows pos myocardial ab, if, myocardial ab titer 1:40, gastric pareital cell 43, RA factor 30. What does this mean?	Difficult to say Without specific patient scenario, it is difficult to interpret. You can have lab test anomaly without clinical disease. Open the case...
1281768	What other tests could be done after urine stool tets, blood tests ultrasound with 2 CT scans and upper endoscopy for abdomen and pelvis pain?	It depends At time it is difficult to elucidate the cause of pain. It sounds as if you have had multiple tests performed with no answer? It is best to speak with your physician about any further testing. If he/she can`t seem to find a cause i always tell my patients to consider speaking with another doctor for a second opinion.
1199921	Why am i experiencing sore breasts and only have flu like symptoms with migraines only at night?	Infections Infections if you have more questions - please ask.
1456647	What causes a 5 second stabbing pain in left side of chest/breast?Happened after I stood up. PCP says heart ok.  Some left shoulder blade pain.	Pain The pain is musculoskeletal not cardiac.
1308006	I feel tender pain just below my left ear lobe. Could it be for swollen lymph node. However there are no signs or rashes in that particular area.	Possible lymph node Yes it could be a lymph node that is swollen or even a small sebaceous cyst. If it does not resolve on its own you should get it checked out.
595239	My wife was diagonised with aml and her peripheral blood report for genetic analysis for aml shows all test negative please advice?	Cytogenetics If the peripheral blood speciment is adequate for cytogenetic evaluation. Bone marrow aspirate is usually more preferable speciment for cytogenetic evaluation -especially if the peripheral blood is not adequate. I advise you to d/w your oncologist for detail discussion re- cytogenetic, prognostication etc. However, a normal cytogenetics- will put her on the intermediate risk category. See lls.Org.
86144	How come I have stress incontinence, but nobody else in the family has it?	Common problem You are likely not the only person in your family with stress incontinence. This is an embarrassing problem for many women, and they are reluctant to discuss it. This is very common. Talk to your doctor and get referred to someone who treats sui. This is an entirely treatable condition. Today's procedures are done as an outpatient and have success rates of 90-95%. Don't delay! seek care.
640743	What does it mean when your feet a d hands are very itchy?	Manymany things See dermatologist to discuss treatment options.
813817	I took colostrum for 1.5 months and began shedding hair. My scalp is very itchy now. I have stopped taking it from today. Will the hair loss stop and my hair regrow? I have heard that the igf-1 is the cause.	Must see Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This is the only way you will find out the type of hair loss you have.
640740	Aching pain in arms, hands, legs, feet w/occasional tingling. Did not fall, but have back pain with feeling of pressure on lower spine. Ruled out diabetes, aids, nutritional def. I'm 28. Any ideas?	? These are pretty vague symptoms and would be common in the population as a whole do at least 30 minutes of brisk walking per day and make sure your vit d level is at least 50 if symptoms continue then consult your doctor.
1458824	There are two pimples on mu hand. One is big another is small. Bigger radius is about 2mm on my little finger looks transparent. plz help me.	Get checked Without seeing these pimples it will be difficult. Please see your doctor as soon as possible so they can see the pimple and decide whats best. Good luck
319186	I have one swollen tonsil but no fever. Yellowish spots on that tonsil. One swollen lymph node on neck. Could it be strep?	Could be A unilateral (one sided) infection is always problematic. Many otolaryngologists (ent doctors) worry that a unilateral swelling of a tonsil may be serious. It would be wise for you to get an opinion by a specialist in ear, nose and throat diseases for a diagnosis.
1549406	After completely stopping trazadone, seroquel, temazapem, and Lunesta how long will it take for these drugs to be completely out of my body?	Clearance of all of these drugs will take a few days at most. I hope you are coming off these meds under the guidance of a physician.
645518	Pcos, trying to get pregnant, negative . Experiencing slight nausea, back pain, swollen breasts, weight gain etc  major pain in lower abdomen painful?	ABDOMINAL PAIN Needs to see ob-gyn and a pelvic ultrasound done to check uterine infection or other problems.
16217	How do doctors read an angiogram?	Angiogram With training, they look at the images to look for narrowing or aneurysm of blood vessels.
1366409	Bloating heavy breast no nausea major anxiety about being pregnant missed period am I pregnant?	How about a hpt? I notice you're male. So, I assume you're asking for someone else. Otherwise, you're not pregnant ;). A hpt can typically detect a pregnancy 1 week or less after a missed period. In the meantime, schedule an appointment with the ob to discuss options and contraception if your partner does not want to be or does not want to become pregnant. Hope this helps & good luck!
1388122	Laparoscopy for endometriosis 2 months ago, off birth control and 1 week past due for period. Stomach is crampy, breasts tender, but preg test is neg?	Wait See if comes on . If persistant see your doc.
889796	My daughter has an ant  bite on her thunb. It happened yesterday. Now the hand is swollen. It was red yesterday but now not red. Wot shld i do?	Local reaction If no redness and no fever, it is likely just a local reaction you are dealing with. Elevate if possible (someimtes hard ot do this with kids), have her play in cool water with the hand, and give oral Diphenhydramine (benadryl) every 6 hours until the reaction subsides. If redness, pain, fever -then needs to see doctor.
938739	I have my blood hCG level 6.7miu/ml. Urine test is negative.M m i pregnant?	Maybe This is just barely positive, and the urine test is negative because it is less sensitive than a blood test. The real question is whether or not this is a miscarriage. Since the levels double every 2 to 3 days, you should be able to determine this fairly quickly.
1161325	I had a ovarian cyst and i had no period for a montt and a week ago i got Depo-Provera shot now I have headache nausea bad lowerab pain an chest what do I do?	Well I doubt that your symptoms have to do with the depot shot though sometimes you can have irregular bleeding for up to 3 months after the shot. The headache is not from the shot. Are you stressing about it? That could give a headache! the headache is not part of the depot unless from an bleed that is coming or from stress, hope that helps. Good luck and hope you feel better.
1198579	I have sore breast and no period coming along i don't feel fatigue or nausea or have headaches and back pain I do have cramps am i pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1197789	I've had diarrhea 3-4 times a week, discomfort on left side of abdomen , bloated feeling lower abdomen. No nausea, no fever, no cramping. What can it b?	Abdominal pain This could be anything - from constipation to diverticulitis - you need to see your doctor for an evaluation. Abdominal pain is difficult to diagnose without an examination.
867673	It's been 8 days since period ended and now I am having menstrual cramps , bloating and tender sore breasts. What's going on?	Symptoms Was the last period a usual one? Is there chance of pregnancy? In any case, doing a pregnancy test to rule this out never hurts. If negative, wait for another one. Reduce caffeine in your diet. If you happen to miss the next one, do the test again. If you are not pregnant, there is a good chance the symptoms will go away on their own.
6695095	Can a enlarged parotid gland where ear meets jaw compress the vagus nerve?	No No. Not near vagus nerve. If you have an enlarged parotid gland, have it evaluated by an ENT surgeon,
26436	How do I remove fungus in feet and toe nails?	Oral antifungal There are many different options including topicals, oral antifungals, and lasers. The most effective treatments are oral antifungals such as sporanox, lamisil, Diflucan and can have an 80-90% efficacy rate after 3 months. Topical creams have a much lower cure rate (40%) and have to be applied for 9 months. Lasers are also effective but there hasn't been a great amount of research in this area.
578162	Does saline nasal spray helps to reduce the sinuses?	Congestion Saline nasal spray can help with nasal congestion and reduce sinus pain and congestion.
6762512	Had chlamydia 2 months ago and got treated. Still having epididymitis. Urine cultures are negative and no white blood cells. Could it be from healing?	Recheck with doctor Epididymitis this long after chlamydia is unlikely. If you had epididymitis when diagnosed -- i.e. marked tenderness and swelling of a single testicle -- follow up with the doctor who treated you. If it's just vague testicular pain, probably nothing is still wrong and it will fade with time. In any case, if you were treated properly for chlamydia, you can be sure the infection itself is gone.
1420697	Itchy red pustules on scalp after going to hair salon 6 yrs ago.Now all over body except face.Allergy or follicultis.Allergy meds & prednisone no help?	Folliculitis? If you've been in a hot tub recently, it may be an infection. Otherwise, there is really no way to make a diagnosis over the internet.
276145	Medication for ulnar nerve entrapment? Does it  cure on its own ? Its been 4 days tsince im experiencing numbness in my pinky and ring finger of right hand uptil my elbow	No medication There is no medication that helps nerve entrapements. This sounds like a cubital tunnel which is a pinched nerve in the elbow. You can try an elbow brace at night which keeps you elbow straight which takes the pressure off the nerve.
662415	Had the flu 5 months ago then developed fatigue, hot flushes/chills, and headaches. Doctor said my white blood cell count was high, what is happening?	Infection versus Severe infection such as viral illnesses like mononucleosis from epstein bar virus as well as lymes disease and other chronic infections can present like this however the signs are worrisome for lymphoma and leukemia as well. .. Please see your doctor.
1377529	Blisters in throat. Itchy mouth, nose. Rash on pelvis. Itchy discharge from vag. Stomach pain, distention. Weight gain.In past- chlamydia for 2months.	No good answer See your doctor. These symptoms may or may not be related.
1328841	My vagina is constantly itchy, below the opening like at the bottom of the vagina I don't know y and no I don't have STD and such?	Vaginitis There are numerous possibilities and without an exam would only be guessing. Often may be due to yeast infection, but other things are possible. Let your doctor have a look at this and they would be in a much better position to diagnose.
6630067	After 6 weeks of therapy after patella femoral replacement when I stand straight the back of the knee hyperextended and catches. Any idea?	Varies There are several possibilities, I would certainly let your surgeon know. A change in the relative tension between your extensor mechanism (which includes your patellafemoral joint) and your stabiling structures in the back of the knee can be one cause. Again, I would make your surgeon aware you are having this problem.
6614416	Had a tonsillectomy 1 1/2 months, I have tightness, I yawned the other night and felt as if I pulled a muscle in my tonsil? Now feels sore on side?	Now,That's A Stretch When wounds heal,they form scar tissue,which is less flexible than the normal tissue it has replaced. With time things even-out,but initially it can feel tight.When you yawn,you stretch the tissues in your throat so you were probably feeling some of the scar restricting some of the stretching.You should be back to normal in another month or two.In fact some yawning might help it stretch back sooner
1010674	Pain above & below eyes  w/ clear post nasal drip. Flonaze helps with congestion and relieves pain. Does this mean that I have a sinus infection?	Not infection With clear post nasal drip.
1322824	Short of breath/pain in right lung area when i cough/stress test showed no problem/blood pressure jumping up-i am on blood pressure meds/need an opini?	Chest x-ray You need a chest x-ray. At the very least, you have pleurisy. You could have pneumonia. Because you smoke and you're >60, it could be something nastier. A stress test would not be likely to show the problem since a stress test is a heart test and these are not heart related symptoms. You need to see your doctor to get the ball rolling. - good luck, TonyO.
1571540	Hello, I fell over 3 weeks ago and badly bruised my knee.  It turned purple and yellow, and then the bruise came out on my foot.  My foot gets hot fl?	Injury This sounds very much like CRPS (RSD) please go to see a pain specialist and get evaluated and treated appropriately.
1506740	I have chest discomfort and I chew tobacco. I went to a hospital and had an X-ray and ECG and everything was fine. Could it just be the nicotine?	Possibly Nicotine relaxes the sphincter between the esophagus and stomach which allows stomach acid to wash up and irritate the esophagus. This can cause a sensation of heartburn. Some people get spasm of the esophagus which can be experienced as chest pain or chest tightness.
72348	I took clindamycin and developed a red rash on my face neck and chest. Itches and tingled. Benadryl has not helped. No other symptoms. What can I do?	Allergic Reaction You may be having an allergic reaction to the antibiotic. This needs prompt evaluation by a doctor in the er.
696842	Headaches daily tend to spike to a migraine mid to late afternoon with intense neck/shoulder pain, sinus pressure & high anxiety. Not allergies. Help?	Go to ENT Ear nose throat doctor should be able to help you.
1462484	I may have a UTI but I'm not sure. I may have also conceived. I am about 7dpo and I have dark brown blood in urine + bachaches.Implantation bleeding?	Pregnancy test Implantation bleeding is not really as common as the internet would have you believe. When it does happen it's usually 6-12 days after ovulation. A pregnancy test 7-10 days after unprotected intercourse is much more helpful. If you are trying to avoid pregnancy considering your age please see your doctor to discuss birth control options. If you are trying to get pregnant take a prenatal vitamin
1179387	I don't know what to blame on my anxiety. I have moving numbness, fatigue, weakness, easy dizziness, detachment, derealization, insomnia, irritable.	Well most Of those symptoms are possible with anxiety disorder or panic attacks.
624866	Eye and head pressure with sinus infection?	Yes All of our sinuses are connected. Sinus infection will increase the pressure within the sinus and some time causing discomfort and headache. Since the orbit is also surrounded by sinuses, some time you will feel like pressure behind the eye with sinus infection. Sinus infection however will not affect the pressure within the eye itself (intraocular pressure).
6702541	Lower right abdominal pain on and off for 13 months. Ovarian cyst found on left ovary but not believed to be cause of pain. Doctors not done anymore.	Seek second opinion Persistent abdominal pain for 13 months is abnormal and by now some type of diagnostic test should be performed or a diagnostic laparoscopy may need to be done. If you're not satisfied with your current provider, seek a second opinion
616780	How does someone preform the thessaly test?  I had knee surgery but now i can't squat down because of pain i had surgery over a year ago please help	You Tube. There are many good demonstrations of the test on you tube. If you had surgery and your knee is really in a bind again you should consider seeing the surgeon for a relook.
6744699	High esr & crp rheumatologist looking for mixed connective tissue but Ana is -. Symptoms are pain /swollen hands  back & lupus like rash. Any ideas? H	Repeat ANA It is easy even for a good lab to muff this test.
1239738	Ct heart angio zero calcium age 54 female non smoker cholesterol 5.1 and HDL 1.6 / LDL 3.2 low blood pressure should I be worried? Weight 112lb thanks	Maybe... If i understand right, normal head ct, ekg, and echo, using an inhaler and 2 facial enhancers (or tx for sweating ; migraine), low bp, 112lbs, healthy. I see dehydration. Maybe malnutrition. Do you honestly drink enough water, eat enough food, take vitamins? Have others told you that you are too thin or do not eat enough? I've never seen you. If i'm right, please get help. If not just drink h20!
335593	For chronic abdominal pain (mid to upper left), i had pelvic/transvag ultrasound, ct, all normal.  What would those tests not be able to rule out?	Hollow organs Abnormalities of esophagus, stomach, small bowel, colon may not show up on those. Functional abnormality rather than anatomic may not show. Referred pain from back, nerves, or vascular (blood vessels) may not show on those tests.
1388277	Do a person need to fast for liver and kidney function and bilirubin blood tests ?	No You do not need to fast for the liver function tests or the bilirubin test. However, you should check with your doctor to make sure you are not also having a lipid panel (cholesterol) or other test which may require fasting.
132616	Behind my left knee hurts constantly. My orthopedic specialist thinks its maybe baker cyst. How do we know?	MRI or ultrasound Mri or an ultrasound can demonstrate a baker's cyst. However, most baker's cysts are not painful but often occur when there is swelling joint in the knee for other reasons such as arthritis or a cartilage tear. Those are usually the causes of the pain, not the cyst.
557940	What are small (1/4"), red bumps around vagina? On outer labia and genital area, only about 1 or 2.  I am not sexually active.	See your doctor It is difficult to tell whether what you describe is of concern or not without seeing the area. You should make an appointment with your doctor for an examination.
401484	Can caffeine trigger migraines? Recently i had a very bad migraine after drinking more coffee than usual while working on a tight deadline at work. Is caffeine related to migraines somehow?

.	Hello. Hello. Funny thing- caffeine can trigger migraines but it can also help to treat them !
253474	Have uncontrollable diarrhea with no stomach pain (woke covered in it). Now stomach is swollen & painful. Have horrible gas and have nausea and flu.	Gasteroenteritis You could be suffering from acute gastroenteritis which is commonly caused by a viral infection (stomach flu). Or you could be having food poisoning. Either way, the illness has to run its course. Things you can do: rest, keep up with fluid like water and juices, avoid meat and milk products, tylenol for pain and gas x for gas. If diarrhea gets worse, consult with you physician.
1607003	I hasve three may be less dark spots on my inner thighs they are not raised nor bump.my said its moles but could it be due to my legs rubbing.	See a derm Hard to say what they are without a close examination from an expert - make an appointment to see a derm or go to our Concierge site and ask for one. You will get more answers after a direct evaluation
1424274	Im 16, irregular periods. On day 20 and im getting cramps and pain in lower back/pelvis . Not sexually active so, not pregnant. What could it be?	Infection see dr and get checked for a urine infection.
547593	I woke up  with a terrible headache , i started to feel dizzy, nauseous & off balance. Could I have an ear infection or just a migraine?	Headache Could certainly be many things. If you have a history of migraines it is possible. A middle ear infection causing vertigo along with nausea and vomiting can be a possibility, but of course acute onset of headache and these symptoms can certainly indicate other potentially more serious problems. Either way seek medical attention.
1519229	My finger is swollen, like it has a bump, and it's itchy but when I scratch it it burns a lot. I see 2 tiny red dots on it. Did I get a spider bite?	I think so Well...its hard to tell right now. Spider bites are extremely painful. The spider venue thats injected causes necrosis (kills cells causing them to look black). It can itch..but pain is the number one symptom. Yes it can be red as well. The 2 tiny dots may be the fang injection points.
64641	I have a ruunny nose cough and watery eyes with body aches. Is it allergies a cold or flu?	Probably infection Allergies generally do not cause body aches. Any viral infection could be responsible.
6643739	I have been diagnosed w/ fibromyalgia. im currently on 60mg cymbalta, 1800mg gabapentin. is there anything i can take for pain? tylenol doesnt help.	Yes Consider getting a referral if your physician is running out of safe options. Low dose naltrexone or even Ketamine are worth considering. Behavioral support to turn down the volume on pain surprisingly effective for some. Access to same is the problem. Specialized care often helpful.
1123910	I have asthma, went from not having to use inhaler at all to atleast 3 times a day, reoccurring chest congestion, allergic to mucinex, any suggestions?	See your DR Avoid smoking. Allow no smoking anywhere near you. Avoid cats. Avoid anyplace occupied by any cat in recent weeks. You need a different inhaler, possibly other therapy.
1146178	Please explain if it is safe to mix hydrocodone, ibuprofen, and naproxen sodium or aspirin?	No One should neither mix metaphors nor nsaids and Ibuprofen negates the cardioprotective aspects of aspirin.
1126437	My 7 mnth old son's  penis tip smells bad. No rash, no fever, no redness or discharge.Wht could it be?His doc pulled back foreskin to check.I m worried	Smegma He may have some debris or dead skin (called smegma) retained behind the foreskin, that need to be cleaned periodically.
1027614	Sore nipples for 3weeks, now week of them not being sore, I have a bruise type pain(but no bruise) and lump in right breast?	Nursing a baby? If you are or are not that matters on what to do. If you are consult a lactation consultant. If you are not nursing an infant, have a doctor examine your breasts. This could be infection, or it could be a growth, or it could be normal breast cysts that come and go monthly in some women. Please have a doctor do a history and physical to attend to your problems.
1015574	My 7 yrs old has enlarged adenoids. His ENT has given him nasonex spray  for  2 months two times. After treatment he stopped snoring. But he starts snoring again after couple of weeks after stop med.	can choose First, if he is snoring but otherwise sleeping well and not having problems during the day, then it may be ok for him to snore. Adenoids shrink from steroids about 50% of the time. When they swell again this is usually from allergy. If he is having snoring and bedwetting, daytime tiredness, behavior or concentration problems, options are to keep him on the nasonex, to have the adenoids removed.
1028260	Bad itching in caruncle, superior +inferior lacrimal punctum, n dryeyes. Md said allergy, but no meds work on me, don't use eye makeup, lenses 7months.Help?	Get second opinion Allergies cause itching ; tearing. Over-the-counter allergy medicine ; eyedrops help relieve it. Zaditor is a good eyedrop. Blepharitis also causes itching ; this can occur with allergies. It's a minor infection of the eyelids. Crusting ; tearing is common. Warm compress with daily baby shampoo washing of the eyelids helps relieve this. Severe cases are placed on antibiotics by your doctor.
1248749	On 2nd frozen shoulder and causing pain down arm elbow wrist fingers, spine has become stiff, neck clicks feels like it dislocates, is this part of fs?	Possibly A frozen should would be an unusual complication of fm but anything is possible.
1545547	Hello, Havent Been On BC For A Few Weeks, Not Sexually Active. Just Got Back On Bc. Didnt Have Period For October, Now Having Cramps But No Blood.	Breakthrough bleed Breakthrough bleeding (bleeding at the wrong time) is very common on birth control. It happens in about 1/3 of users. Its no big deal and usually self corrects over time. If you are not satisfied or it continues to happen then consider using a different birth control method. It is a common side effect and does not mean something is wrong or that the pill is not working.
6737107	Possiblility that an initial herpetic vaginal outbreak can come in form of itchy surround areas, a SINGLE bump that is gradually flattening no pain?	Very unlikely This doesn't sound at all like initial herpes. But see a doctor for professional exam if you remain concerned. Good luck!
1217044	I am a 23 year old female who has had her eriod twice in two weeks, also I have had internal bleeding after sexual intercourse, yet there is no blood ?	See your doctor! Not sure what you mean by internal bleeding but clearly you are concerned by your symptoms. Please call your doctor to be evaluated. Best of luck.
697490	Cervical mucus cramp like symptoms no period. Sexually active no protection. Could i be pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
6697768	missed period for 9 1/2 weeks i have 2 urine tst with my gp blood tst for hcg all neg but my liver enz slightly high could i still b pregna?	Not pregnant. It could be due to the cause elevating your liver enzymes. Needs to be investigated by your gp.
6668603	I have a small, flat mole on side of my face. Just now it grew a small white pimple-looking bump, likes hair follicle. Rest of mole fine. What is it?	Hair follicle May be an infected hair follicle. If you haven't ever had their checked out, consider a visit to your primary care provider for an exam. Or a dermatologist. Hope this helps!
1542792	It is day 7, the last day of my period. 29 day cycle. seeing wet creamy cervical mucus. am i ovulating or pregnant? or is this normal?	It may be normal - Leukorrhea.
404386	I think I have a yeast infection my vagina lips itch and I have a white milky discharge sometimes from my vagina, although i was reading information about how it could just be my underwear and laundry detergant.	Yes Yes it could be either a contact dermatitis from allergic reaction to soap, fabric etc, it also could be a yeast or other vaginal infection. I would advise against trying self diagnosing. As treatments are different in these 2 conditions and wrong treatment modality may mask or make underlying problem worse. Raksha v. Trivedi, md, facog www.Avaniwoman.Com.
691796	Sore throat, headache, body aches, fatigue, bad nausea, bad cough with some phlegm, swollen lymph nodes, trouble swallow but no fever. Is this a cold?	Infection Could be just a simple infection or it could be the flu or mono or strep or ? See your doctor for a simple evaluation and treatment.
6760478	I do have anxiety but my chest been hurting for a week now Is that a heart attack.. It's not squeezing or heavy feeling, just a funny feeling..	Only a doctor can make a diagnosis of a heart attack. I strongly urge you visit a provider ASAP. It is recommended also to get an annual full physical check up to stay healthy and prevent medical illness. Best wishes.
6674258	My girlfriend is allergic to antibiotics and has chlamydia are there alternative treatments?	No, needs Meds Antibiotics are the only way to cure this infection, no alternative treatments are available. It is highly unlikely your girlfriend is allergic to all antibiotics. There are a number of different medications that have very good activity against Chlamydia including doxycycline (a tetracycline) and azithromycin (a macrolide). See Allergist if concerned. Practice safe sex, wear a condom.
1393146	I had sexual intercourse a couple days ago.  Today when I went to the bathroom I had a bloody discharge that looked like seman. Is it normal?	Bloody semen Blood in semen of urine is not normal. Infection needs to be ruled out, go to you PCP.
6678280	I was stung on my finger by a wasp yesterday my finger is now swollen and hot.  The swelling has increased over the past 12 hours?	Sting injury The good news is that this is not consistent with an allergic reaction to the sting. If the swelling is simply from local irritation from the venom: then ice, keep elevated, and use Nsaid (if no contraindications). However, the delay in swelling raises concern for skin infection (bacteria living on skin can enter along with the stinger). A delay in treating an infection could put joints at risk
6723959	My calprotectin is 59. Other than occasional mild cramps, no diarrhea, constipation, blood or other symptoms. Other labs all normal. Colonoscopy time?	Not necessarily I'm not sure why you had a fecal calprotectin performed if you have no symptoms other than cramping. Levels are elevated in inflammatory conditions of the gastrointestinal tract. If you have a family history of ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease a colonoscopy could be considered, but will likely be of low yield without additional symptoms.
6717848	My 51yr old mother's endometrium is of 16mm nd uterus is mildly bulky.she dnt have any lower abdominal pain nd also dnt get irregular periods.pls help?	Don't ignore it. If 51 y.o. woman with endometrial thickness of 16mm is still menstruating, an interval study (transvaginal sonogram) is advised. It should be done shortly after period to see if endometrial thickness regressed. If she's postmenopausal, endometrial biopsy must be performed to rule out pre-cancerous or cancerous growth.
392416	What is going on with my leg? I felt a small tare in my groin area on my left side, I have been icing for about 24 hours and now my knee is starting to hurt and bruise as well as my groin increasing in pain.	I I wonder if you had an injury to a vein or a blood vessel. A hernia is also a possibility. The symptoms are concerning for a vascular problem or hernia and i would urge you to seek immediate medical attention. If you had leg swelling or pain, fever, vomiting, or shortness of breath then you would have to be seen as an emergency.
1230273	Doc said I have a sml cyst on top of head & ignore it. Just felt it and get instant headache. Also hair breaking/falling out when touched. Worry?	See another doc Sounds like more than a simple cyst. See another doc, probably a dermatologist.
550732	Ok 4ds.Late sore breast light cramps in legs vaginal lower abdominal cramps not my bladder checked. Hpt negative colostrum. Nausea peeing a lotwhat be?	Ovarian cyst Repeat your pregnancy test in 3 to 4 days. If it is still negative, you may have an ovarian cyst producing progesterone. These usually resolved after late menses. If not, see your obgyn!
325371	Bacterial infection of the vagina but with new guy. Can it happen fast?	Yes It can happen the first time you have sex.
1570034	Globulin level: 4.5, Albumin level: 3.9, Total Protein: 8.4, Albumin/Globulin Ratio: 0.9, AST: 68, ALT: 105. What do these levels mean?	Need med history You need to tell us why was this test done. Did you have some complaints? Once we know your symtoms, if any, it is easier to interpret your lab results. Your liver enzymes are slightly high and so is the globulin level which can occur due to liver problems like Hepatitis. Your doctor needs to recheck these labs in another one or two months and find the cause?hepatitis?
407721	My left arm falls asleep when i sleep on my right side.  Could this be spondylosis? Everytime i fall asleep on my right side, my left arm falls asleep and becomes numb.  My nuerologist says this is due to a compressed nerve.  Could I have spodylosis?

.	Awakening Awakening from sleep with numbness of the arm is the tell tell sign of compressive neuropathy. Arm has several major nerves running across. Depending what part of the arm gets numb may help localizing the nerve involved (if no anamolus anatomy). Radiculopathy is usually painful rather than numbness circulatory problems will show change in color from pale to bluish and also some pain. Sponsylosis cause neck pain.
1224106	Severe itchy labia majora. Treated with monistat, flagyl, terazol 7, clobestol. Clobestol helped a little but still itching. I'm so scared please help!	See a specialist It might be time to see a specialist as it seems as if you've tried a lot of the common medications. A great book to help you as well, is the v book by elizabeth stewart. Can find used on amazon. It's possible that you have a more complex condition, and also possible that a biopsy would help to rule out lichen sclerosis. Clobetasol is strongest med we have for this. See specialist, good luck.
6703948	I had my hcg level checked it was 581 3 days later 116 I've had no bleeding or cramping but they are saying I will miscarry is it possible the hcg will rise or I could have a healthy pregnancy I ask because I have didelphys uterus wondering if this could	Possible It is always possible that there was a problem with the second test but this is unlikely and a falling HCG level generally means the pregnancy has failed/the embryo has died. This is not usually due to a uterus didelphys which usually causes complications later in the pregnancy if it causes problems.A septate uterus can fail early if implantation is on the septum and doesn't get a good blood supply
1470722	Why is my skin red everyday i wake up its in between my eyebrows and on my cheeks and near bottom corner of nose it never itches but it just looks bad?	Rosacea? Without a photo, it is hard to say. One likely possibility is the skin condition called rosacea. It can be aggravated with alcohol and prone to flare ups from time to time. Rosacea is associated with an increased propensity toward acne and styes. To get an accurate diagnosis, you will most likely need to see a doctor in person or upload a high res photo.
1604206	I was diagnosed with mono December 16, on the 31st negative. 5 days ago My spleen suddenly enlarged and I have severe constipation should i worry?	Yes Make sure that your doctor is aware of this.
1604207	I have headaches off and on. I get nausea,  light headed with them. also have sharp pains in my up chest muscle that radiates through shoulder and arm?	Migraine poor sleep,overweight causing sleep disturbance,stress,hunger,too much caffeine,alcohol and migraine are few of the causes of headaches. try to avoid the above.drink lot of water.if you have headaches for weeks or more than a month,then please see a doctor right away.Also,if you can check your blood pressure in a local pharmacy-do it in the evening time.high BP is a common cause of headache too.
683094	What should I do for a bee sting to make it stop swelling?	Take benadryl Benadryl will block certain chemicals (ie histamine) from being released as to result in swelling and itching. Bee stings can produce a wide range of reactions. In severe allergic reactions to bee stings as in anaphylaxis (difficulty breathing, swelling of throat etc) one may need an epi-pen, prescribed by a doctor.
227275	Can anxiety cause arm, chest pain from the heart?	Yes Anxiety can cause a variety of symptoms including arm and chest pain.
6659456	I have a white clumpy discharge from my vagina with  no odor itching or burning it kind of looks like a clump of toilet paper?	Several causes Bacterial vaginosis and yeast are the two most common vaginal infections. Sexually transmitted diseases like trichomoniasis, chlamydia and gonorrhea are also possibilities. Excessive discharge is not normal and needs to be evaluated.
797957	How to get rid of yeast infection by using home remedies? My infection has slight clumpy discharge. Dried yellow discharge cut above anus, below vagina	Must see You have to see your doctor for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This may include referral to a dermatologist and a gynecologist.
1101601	Have weird bruises/ discolored spots on my arm for almost a year now. Around june had spots form on my forearm. Afraid it might be blood vessels?	ccannot say You need to see a dermatologist to have a diagnosis made. A skin biopsy may be necessary.
390819	Is flaking scars from decades old sunburns something to worry about my upper back and shoulders are covered in small round scars resulting from multiple severe sunburns in my early childhood. They periodically burn and itch and will flake and scratch off	I I would recommend you get evaluated. These could possibly be actinic keratoses (see picture at link below), which are precancerous scaly areas that are typically seen on sun damaged areas. They can be treated with liquid nitrogen if that is the case. Regardless, probably a good idea for you to see a dermatologist given your history of sunburns.
537662	Negative home pregnancy test. Brown discharge after period ends with spotting. Breast tenderness.  Spotting only when standing for a long time.	Anovulation It sounds as ifyou may have suffered an anovulatory period; one in which your ovary failed to release an egg. This temporarily disrupts your hormones and causes your cycles to become irregular. If the irregularity persists, see your doctor.
107561	Loose, green stool, stomach cramps, bloating and lasting for over 4 days?	Bring stool to MD Save a sample of this liquid stool in a clean sealed jar and bring to your md's office to test. You've likely aquired an infection...
6668939	Hello doctor. My mother has suffered from constipation since a month or two ( around thrice a week) with a fullness of stomach. By using cremation plus, she has passed stools. We visited doctor and were suggested to do a couple of tests like, urine, blood	Colonoscopy A change in bowel habit at her age requires a colonoscopy
841506	Been having abdominal cramping on my left side, worse after meals. Noticing undigested bits and mucous in stool, and am constipated. What can it be?	Could be as simple As taking a probiotic, but it is clear that your digestive system is in poor shape. It could be ibs or gluten sensitivy. You need to be checked.
1057560	Can normal echo and ekg, & cardiologist saying everything is fine mean that my heart is ok even if still have palps sometimes? Anxiety? Im 19 & scared	Palpitations i Yes anxiety can cause palpitations.
639644	Pain behind knee after 1 month post ACL surgery. Pain meds aren't working?	See your surgeon Not unusual to still have some pain at 1 month. Difficult to say without an evaluation. See your surgeon.
6753822	I'm not sure if I'm pregnant .
I've had -headaches , extreme breast tenderness & a missed period 5 days late & spotting. I'm worried ?	Take pregnancy test Assuming that you've engaged in unprotected sex, once you're late, it's time to take a home pregnancy test, which is inexpensive & available at most pharmacies w/o prescription. They're not accurate prior to missing your period but once. Once you get your answer, go see your Family Doc for either prenatal care or contraception (check out http://www.plannedparenthood.org/all-access/my-method).
367180	I had very few asthma related problems.3 months ago i had walking pneumonia. Treated. Now dependent on albuterol inhaler 1-4x qd. Why? Will it change?	Slight chance Asthma worsens with "colds" and the increased asthma can last for up to 4 months after a viral respiratory infection so the asthma symptoms may decrease but if they have persisted at same level for 3 months this is less likely. Since you are using albuterol inhaler daily you should be on maintenance anti-inflammatory inhaler also. Consult your md or asthma specialist.
1453541	Normal stressecho/ekg, agatston score 0.5, BP 120-130/80-90, tingling/numbness of left arm from elbow to hand, should i go to ER?	Other possibilities. If your heart has been checked and everything is fine then other reason for those symptoms is a pinged nerve. It could be coming form your neck region or from the hand/arm running up, which if it is happening from the elbow down it could be some nerve irritation in that area. If you are having chest pain then go to the ED, but if not make an appointment with your doctor to check for other reasons
75392	How do I know if I have ringworm? I have one round, raised, itchy area onn my arm, but it is not red at all. It itches randomly.	Ringworm It could be. It has to be looked at.
149177	My 14 year old daughter is being treated for a sprained knee but her feet and lower leg are ice cold.  Should I ask for sonogram to rule out dvt?	Probably not I agree with dr. Carter, that is a good question. Fortunately, it sounds like the risk of a DVT is very low. Pain and swelling, more than being ice cold, would be the things that you would really want to watch for. Again, if you have concerns, you should take your daughter to be seen by a physician.
531443	On 90mg cymbalta a day , i'm switching to lexapro.Dr said to take 60mg cymbalta and 20 mg lexapro
a day for a week.Is this ok? I feel faint/bad !how relieve faintness? Is serotonin syndrome a concern?	Talk to doc Serotonin syndrome is always a concern but your psychiatrist usually takes this in to consideration while switching from one serotonin acting drug to another. If you have any concerns call the doc and explain your symptoms.
1453548	Can allergies only cause congestion and post nasal drip dry mouth and no other symptoms, my nose never drains eyes never itchy but always congested. ?	Absolutely Everybody's allergy to allergens can be different. stuffiness that goes away then comes back can be allergy related, try some over the counter loratadine or Allegra and see your doctor
619439	I take a 5mg melatonin tablet every night in order to sleep but lately every time i take it my body feels light? Not sure what that means? To much?	Melatonin Try lower dose for few nights.
605380	Hello i've been getting strange symptoms lately. Numb arms/leg when waking up, heart rapid at times, should I worry?	You need Further evaluation with your physician.
6794397	No sex in about 30/days. 5 days ago i noticed some itching and burning in genitals. Today I am noticing cold symptoms and one cut on labia. herpes?	It is possible. Any STD can cause those symptoms though a "cut" on the labia may be herpetic ulcer. Go get yourself properly diagnosed and treated by a healthcare provider. Thanks for trusting in HealthTap.
6612134	I have a very painful, itchy rash. It is on my stomach, legs, arms and knees. It started in November and is still going on. The worst is my stomach. I?	Chronic rash Some persistent conditions that can give such a rash are psoriasis, eczema, contact dermatitis, scabies, and a medication reaction. Psoriasis usually gives well-defined red, scaly patches, often symmetrical over elbows, knees. Eczema has poorly-defined, red, fissured patches, often about creases of arms, wrists, behind knees. A dermatologist can diagnose the problem, and give appropriate treatment
1508688	How long after I stop taking sam-e do I have to wait to take tramadol?	Sam-e and tramadol Sam-e is a natural substance that is used for depression and mild pain. It clears out in 3-5 days. I think waiting 48 hours is reasonable.
870379	Hemorrhoid after every bowel movement reason to see dr about, no bleeding, not  painful but feel pressure, i can push it back in, use suppositories?	See recommendations Sounds like you have grade 3 hemorrhoids. Surgery is the last resort. You should drink plenty of liquids (at least 8 glasses a day), have a high fiber diet (may supplement with metamucil), avoid sedentary lifestyle. You can see a GI doctor, so he can examine you and make sure that you don't have any other problem causing pressure you described.
906867	Just developed a rash on the outside if my elbows and top of one hand. Small itchy bumps. I'm in nicaragua for vacation. What could it be?	Can be anything This may be from a contact allergy to something like poison ivy or something else. If this problem persists, you need to see your doctor.
367988	For ankylosing spondylitis, how effective is remicade treatment?	It can be very Effective with the use of this medication as this disease is an autoimmune one. However, one has to balance the risks and benefits of the use of this medication with other alternative treatments and the severity of the disease as well as any pre-existing other medical issues that may preclude its use.
1007642	Can i take melatonin with singulair and allegra d?	Yes, you can Melatonin should not interact with these other medicines. I suggest starting at 1mg rather than some of the higher dosages that are available, though. Please also tell your doctor you're taking it.
6749125	Clothed penis-vagina rubbing resulting in uncircumcised tip exposure to vaginal fluids. Sore throat, diarrhea, rash, and myalgia. 
Negative HIV RNA early detection tests, and negative 4thGenAg/Ab test both taken 5 weeks post exposure. How conclusive?	Here are some... Your sore throat, diarrhea, rash, & myalgia may related with viral infection or dietary allergy, which could be verified through careful self-watching / screening under professional counseling and supervision. As to the accuracy of the reported tests, it should be reliable, but may be repeated in 1 month as needed in coordination with clinic symptoms. And your sex practice as described poses low..
768792	I have heavy head, tingling/ pins and needles in head, neck, arm, blurry vision, balance issues, tongue tingling, dizziness.Xray says misaligned spine?	Neurologic Could be best diagnosed by neurologist. Rule out ms, neuropathy or other pathology.
576970	My bones or joints squeak when i move my elbow or move my wrist. There is also a creaking sound when i sit or bend my knees. What should I do?	Nothing If you are not having trouble, you do not necessarily have to do anything. The most. Ommon cause of creaking in the knees is a softening of the cartilage underneath the knee cap known as chondromalacia, which if it is not causing trouble does not have to be treated. Thank you for your question.
1118972	I have a 3.6mm max kidney stone just found by ultra sound.I am drinking 3 or above ltr of water since 2 days. Even now it is paining on both sides .	Urologist See your urologist. The stone may be causing the pain and you need different treatment.
6669510	1.5 weeks of off and on fever, sore throat, sinus pressure , headaches, coughing up green junk, eye pain, see the doc? or wait it out ?	Sinusitis you need antibiotics see ur md
823964	If I have dysplastic nevi syndrome and my brother in law had malignant melanoma do my children have any  more risk of getting either one?	Yes It can be inherited. ..Both melanoma and dysplastic nevi.
6718626	Pain on R low abdomen and worse during sex. acid reflux daily and bouts of diarrhea constipation nausea. Had diarrhea Saturday and stopped up since ?	Diagnosis The internet is not the place for a medical evaluation that requires a full detailed history, a physical exam and then labs and imaging studies determined necessary by the first two elements. You really need to be seen and examined by a competent physician ASAP. Good luck and best wishes.
488775	I have rotten milk burps, upset stomach, headache/dizziness, loss of appetite, and diarrhea. What's wrong with me?	How long Something you ate? If not sounds aweful! go to bland diet for a few days. Rest your gut. Try to avoid gluten for a week or two to see if helps. Reduce stressors. Try lactose free milk if its dairy upsetting stomach, .
380332	Do I have herpes? I had oral and vaginal sex sunday then monday i noticed a red bump right on the edge of my lip. It was really sore (as most of my pimples have been since i went on birth control). I tried to pop it the other day and very little puss came	I I would get checkeed for herpes. It my be nothing. But the location of the bump on the edge of the lip is a common location for herpes infection. It could be just a zit, but you never can tell. Herpes usually is painful and becomes ulcerated.
1386556	3 "hives" by toes itched really bad couple days later another it was quarter size swollen & hurt to touch swelling around ankle-hurts to stretch foot?	See a doctor It sounds like you may have an Infection, or some kind of a bite. ....you may need antibiotics..
1363698	Period 2 months late & bad nausea + other symptoms inc breast & belly growth but neg urine & blood tests, i feel preg & movement but drs say no ?	Not pregnant If urine and blood tests say no, then you are not pregnant. It sounds like you are not ovulating. You need to discuss this with your GYN.
1024434	Whats this small pea sized hard lump on my arm near the elbow, what is it?	Lump A lot more information is needed to answer this question. - is it painful -how long has it been there? -is it mobile? -has it grown in size? if so how rapidly? You should have it checked out by a local dermatologist or yor primary care doctor.
1186144	Slipped on ice and fell yesterday. Pain behind knee. No swelling or popping. Fine when i rotate it or squat. But it hurts when i walk. What did i do?	Apply ice See if an ace bandage helps. If pain still present see an orthopedist.
1091371	Feet are really sore  and pains in legs. Not really active so what could this be? Also having pain in the crease of underarm on left side.	Sore feet Being sedentary can have muscle pain when you do move around. The solution is to be more active - even if it is just walking.
636781	What causes one side of the head to ache? I woke up with a slight headache on the right side of my head....Slightly above the eye	Check blood pressure You need to have your blood pressure checked and see your doctor. High blood pressure is a likely cause for a headache in your race, however a headache behind the eye can be even more serious and signify an aneurysm. Seek medical attention, a head ct as well.
601405	I have a cyst on my ovary. Can exercise rupture it or make it worse?	Cyst Depends upon size and makeup of the cyst, as well as the strenuous degree of the exercise.
863147	I noticed 3 raised small lumps (like size of pea) near my left ear. I'm worried it's swollen lymph node. I had a raised pea-lump on bottom chin before?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
6657784	If a mole is cancerous it could indicates only skin cancer or it could indicate another type of cancer (only want to know as a general information)?	Metastatic Could be a metastasis from a cancer elsewhere in the body.
353626	I have swollen lymph nodes in my groin, armpits and neck. Groin is most painful. Also have bloating and slight nausea. So worried, what could this be?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells/digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph everywhere for bad stuff like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
6628155	Vagina itches on the outer surface. No: oder, strange discharge, burns, bumps, or anything outta the ordinary.  Just an outter itch. What could it be?	See below Vaginal or vulval itching is common and can be due to a number of conditions, ranging from a yeast infection(Candida) to a chemical sensitivity to creams, douches, condoms, detergents etc. If there is no evidence of rash or yeast infection OTC hydrocortisone cream or pramoxine anti-itch lotion may be helpful. **For more information on vaginal itching go to: http://bit.ly/1Blftl8
6610899	I haven't had my period for 2 months now.have sore breasts,light brown spotting that lasted for a few hours,always getting headaches,cramps.am I pregn?	Maybe. Maybe not. It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
650507	How soon after breast reduction surgery can you begin taking phentermine on average?	Two weeks Phentermine can increase your blood pressure, and so you wouldn't want to increase this, and the chance of bleeding before two weeks.
236978	Is it safe to take acetaminophen and ibuprofen at the same time to combat period cramps?	Yes Nsaids (ibuprofen , advil etc) are felt to be more effective since they inhibit the production of the chemical that makes the uterus cramp. If you have pain that is not controlled by an NSAID at the recommended dose you can use tylenol also (at recommended dose). If your pain is not controlled with this, you need to see your doctor.
1488381	Skin feels like sun burnt. palms of hands and soles of feet have tight sensation. right arm aches.numbness feeling left torso &legs. MRI normal. MS?	Anxiety Anxiety symptoms are not a sign of illness, they are the mind's ability to produce the "flight or fight" response which gives rise to many physiological changes include chest pains, parasthesia (pins and buzzing feeling), dry mouth, aphasia, tremor and sweating. Depending on the cause of your anxiety symptoms, your health care provider can recommend appropriate treatment.
6639361	I get migraines that usually come around my menstrual period.  I got a really terrible one following an ovarian cyst rupture.  Could they be related?	Probably Your headaches are a common cycle related problem that is quite treatable and manageable, See your Ob/Gyn for evaluation and treatment.
1510544	I have an inflamed vagina that itches and is burning and my urination doesn't burn and its a big problem??	Here are some ... It's a good idea to seek pro-evaluation to ensure no UTI or vaginitis - bacterial, fungal, or even STD. But, bring the info on the onset, degree, duration, interval, evolution, & progress of chief complaints & their related symptoms over time to Doc for analysis + more detailed Hx + physical examination + tests as needed so to deduce what problem you have and advise what care you need.
1171399	I have a lump between my jaw and ear. I have been dealing with a sinus infection. Now I have pain behind my ear in the bone. Is this sinus related?	Lymph node It is quite possible you have a swollen mandibular lymph node as the infection resolves so should its size and return to normal. If it doesn't see your physician.
1239908	After unprotected sex I have been experiencing nausea constipation fatigue dizziness having to pee every other second and light bleeding am i pregnant?	Urinary Tract Infect You have a bladder or other urinary tract infection. While you could also get pregnant when exposed to semen, these symptoms are infection and not pregnancy.
6792268	4 days late. Watery discharge, slight cramping,sore breast. Cycle is usually about 32-35 and last one week. Now I'm on day 36 and nothing. Pregnant?	Check a pg test. Check a pg test to be sure, anytime your period is abnormal, in length, symptoms, or timing. Repeat in a week and if negative, and you miss another period, see your doc to find out why. Follow the instructions on the kit, and be sure it has not expired, too. Also, infections can occur, if you are at risk of pregnancy. So get checked for those if your pg test is negative. Practice safe sex!
361118	Diagnosed through urgent care that i had yeast infectionin the bladder feels like a UTI but was cleared of that can you have a yeast infection of the bladder that doesn t have itchy vagina just pain in the bladder pelvic area no pain while going tot he ba	Yes. You can have a yeast infection in urine without vaginal or vulvar symptoms. See a physician for follow up of your condition.
849050	Last sex 5.05. On 8.06 i took blood test hCG beta hormon level 7, 6. After seven days i made home pregnancy test it was negative. I'm i pregnant?	Don't think so. The beta HCG level of 7 is very low- if a urine pregnancy test was negative 7 days later then it sounds like your hormone levels declined after the 8. 06 test -instead of increasing, as they should have with a normally progressing pregnancy. There is a small chance of getting a false negative home pregnancy test and you could check it again or get another beta check to be sure. But most likely not.
674869	Trying to concieve, cramping, headache, lower back pain, white clear discharge, and sometimes sore breast, period 7 days late, pregnant test came negative?	Don't give up Continue trying and talk to gynecologist if in results in 6-12 month. If your symptoms are new talk to you gyn.
1333047	I was on Depo-Provera for a year I got off in Dec 2013 I recently got on the implanon on May 15, 2014 which is 6 days ago I had unprotected sex can I be prego?	Maybe, not likely the Depo lasts 3 months, but usually 4, especially if you were on it for a while. so, it is really not likely but NOT IMPOSSIBLE that your ovaries woke up! take a urine test in one week or a blood test ordered by your doc in 5 days should tell you Y or N!! good luck!
1480408	Had missed period on the 28th of August but then had a four day bleed on the third of September and now feel sick dizzy and tired am I pregnant?	Maybe not. Can test. In a woman with regular periods, some causes of a late period include: excessive weight loss or weight gain, increased exercising, emotional stress, having an illness, traveling afar, medicines (like birth control pills), hormonal imbalances, etc Seeing a doctor is a good idea if symptoms are recurring or worrisome. Pregnancy is the common cause of a truly missed period, if sexually active.
662040	I have terrible back pain around my ribs, and vaginal bleeding. What's wrong? (i'm on Depo-Provera shot, so i don't have a period)	Hmmm The bleeding is likely related to the depo. The pain needs to be evaluated and is not likely related to depo.
6784639	Fell Tue, side of nose and nasal cavity along right cheek from nostril, all swollen and numb and tight, small lump under cavity. Go to ER, or not?	Yes Especially if no response to ice pack Sounds like you have some bleeding and may be a fracture
1409097	CT  showed a solid mass adjacent to the uterus and right ovary, this could be fibroid or solid ovarian mass not excluded. Course of action?	An MRI of the pelvis can usually easily distinguish between a pedunculated/subseroal fibroid and an ovarian mass. Ultrasound may also be able to make the distinction. Talk to your doc about next steps.
1035106	Husband w/ rash on back/arms, 3 days.Not painful or itchy.Red spots with white center, 3-20mm. Benadryl didn't help.Won't go to md! serious?Contagious?	See a doctor Without examining this it is impossible to tell. If he won't submit to an exam, that is his problem, and he seems less concerned than you do.
6774291	Just reached a cold country. Had a fever and headache, now fever is gone but having cough and bad sore throat, currently coughing up brown phlegm.	URI You are in the midst of an upper respiratory infection. The productive cough indicates there is moderate phlegm inside your lungs. Drink lots of water to help thin it out. Drink hot tea/honey for the cough and consider some cilantro (usually I do pico de gallo) to help bring up mucous. See an MD soon to make sure it's in recovery. http://www.pdrhealth.com/diseases/cough
530675	I have sharp shin/ankle/knee pain, twinging, & clicking. 2 long haul flights in 3 wks, negative d-dimer.No swelling, worse resting! what is it?	Well multiple jts Are involved. You should go see your family doctor and see what they think. Generally when you have multiple joints aching it is not from a single injury. One thing that can cause multiple joints to ache and muscle soreness is the flu.
6635064	Hi I just had a quick question. I was tested positive for chlamydia then a few days later had sex with my boyfriend with a condom and he was tested negative. The symptoms went away and I felt fine. My boyfriend put massage oil in my vagina to make it as a	Need treatment If you have not been treated for Chlamydia the you need to be treated. Chlamydia can be asymptomatic so you may not know it is there. After treatment retesting should be done at about three months.
6788839	Im an adhd patient prescribed to vyvanse, accidentally took my brothers amp. salts and have a urine test fri what should i do?	Test. Don't test. You could explain you took a prescription amphetamine or you could reschedule the urine test.
1550951	Weekly cycle of constipation, foul gas, bloating, abdominal pain. Prescribed 2 sachets laxido daily. Healthy diet, water and exercise. Ideas?	IBS Time to be evaluated for IBS as well as gallbladder disease. You will need blood testing and an abdomianl ultrasound. Please make an appointment for a medical examination.
1182386	Neg hpt, 10day late period, lower adb back pain, frequent urination, no discharge, no pain or burn while peeing, sore boobs, nausea, dizzyness: ideas?	Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
993193	Red sometimed sore sometimes itchy bumps on stomach thighs snd vagina that leave purple marks what is this?	Hidradenitis Sounds like folliculitis or hidradenitis supportiva. See a gyn specialist for an accurate diagnosis.
591033	Is there is any oils like eruvamatin which helps in the growth of hair in bald head?	Not likely to help One's primary care doctor can check for medical causes. If none are found, then one can see a dermatologist, especially one specializing in hair restoration (some treatments: minoxidil, etc, ...). Medical causes may include: hormonal problems (low thyroid), seborrhea, alopecia areata, stressful illness. Other causes: genetic male/female pattern baldness, telogen effluvium.
589837	Had EKG anf chest xrat 8 months ago, normal.  Now have palpitations and resting bmp of 85-106.  Blood pressure is 138/75; could it be stress? Lost job	As above It is best to discuss with u physician , yes stress may cause that as well excessive consumption of coffee among others.
6610277	I have callus like bumps on or near the pad of my foot. One started itching and I noticed it grew. Should I be concerned?	Calluses Calluses are a build up of the superficial layers of Keratin in an area of excessive mechanical stress or pressure (usually the skin is getting shear or entrapment from the underlying bones). The callus, itself, probably does not itch. There is likely an irritation of an underlying nerve. Alternatively, you may have a fungal infection. If the problem persists or worsens, see a Podiatrist.
980696	I had surgery for shattered kneecap they stiched the bones back together theres pain around knee severe bruising in the back of the kneewill itgo away?	Knee fracture The bruising will go away. The pain depends on the severity of fracture and damage to the other parts of the knee joint.
826331	Reddish blister like bumps on vagina lips. Is this an std?	May be get checked It may be herpes simplex infection or a bacterial infection, you should get it checked asap by your doctor or gynecologist.
858193	What would cause occasional episodes of ringing/ear pressure & sometimes difficulty swallowing? I get dizzy with it too.	Many things You new a good ENT evaluation with an exam, hearing evaluation, and possibly a fiberoptic nasopharyngeal exam. It could be related to many things like allergies, tmj, and a variety of ear problems.
1493218	I used Otrivin nasal spray 5 times in two weeks.can i use more?can nasal saline spray  reduces te inflammation of turbinates?is sinusoothe effective?	Ok but If you have used it only 5 x in 2 weeks, it'd be fine. Nasal saline sprays also reduce allergic inflammation and likely wash off some of the allergens deposited on the nose. However Otrivin is not for regular use and you may be better off with an OTC nasal steroid spray.
1140210	Tubes cut tied and burned. I am having nausea itchy nipples and tender breast urinating frequently hpt is neg period due in 5 days could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
6784187	Hi i was bitten by something on friday there is a red mark. Since then a red line has appeard and getting longer daily. About 10cm now. It goes from my breast and under arm. Its a dull pain and i have had sore throught like the flu. Any advice will be gra	See a doctor South Africa has bugs docs in the USA don't know about, so you should probably see a local doctor. Red streaks that start at the point of a bite like this can be an infection and require antibiotics. This kind of infection can be quite serious so don't delay. Best wishes!
864868	Can I have neuropathy even though the skin biopsies done on thigh/ankle/calf were negative for "peripheral neuropathy" bc my feet still tingle/feelhot?	Distal polyneuropath Skin biopsy is useful for detection of peripheral neuropathy predominantly affecting small unmyelinated nerve fibers, likley ruled out in your case. Depending on the clinical presentation, nerve & possibly muscle biopsy are needed. Emg/ncv, MRI (cns/spine), labs including blood and CSF serologic studies, & consultation w/ neuro & int med/rheum.
831887	How early should children ages 10-15 see a dermatologist, is that too young? I have dysplastic nevi syndrome and two of my kids have many moles.	FAMMM Your condition is also called familial atypical multiple mole- melanoma. Screening for melanoma in fammm kindreds should begin at age 10 with a baseline total body skin examination including scalp, eyes, oral mucosa, genital area, and nail, as family members may develop melanoma in their early teens.
1209833	What if you accidentally cut your mole or wart on your leg. Does.  This cause cancer?	By this alone, no The mole was actually a melanoma, thats not good. But an accidental cut by a benign mole or wart should not change anything.
1209830	I've been experiencing for the first time since i began my birth control pill (a year ago) nausea and horrid upper and lower abdominal pain. Help?	BC long term effects Iafter one year of birthcontol . .. It had very bad cramps and sharp pains. But it can take up to 6 months to a year for symptms to go away... If you stop taking the birth control pills mid-cycle, you may experience.. A increase in discharge, irritability, irregular periods and stomach cramping.
1592862	I got acid reflux problem.Im taking nexium.But from last 2 weeks i have back pain left side close to shoulder  blade  in rib cage area. Why is that?	?unrelated Stomach intestinal issues should not be referred to the back unless something serious is going on such as perforation, pancreatitis, bleeding. If you have pain in your shoulder it could be referred pain or something completely unrelated. For this type of complaint a face to face with your doctor will likely provide better answers to a complex question. Good luck
1140538	Can HSV 1or2 travel without contact or is it shingles?Shin has itchy blisters with shinbone/leg/groin pain/fatigue. Have had HSV forever.	See answer If you have orofacial or genital herpes (hsv-1/hsv-2), you cannot transmit the infection to another part of your body after initial infection occurs. That said, with genital herpes, one has infection of the l-4, l-5, and s-1 nerve roots which innervate the rectal area, buttocks and lateral aspect of the thigh and so outbreaks can occur in those areas. Shingles can affect any area of the body.
1428932	I had an abortion june 3 2014 I still have not got my period but I been sexual active lately and now im cramping but no period what does that mean?	Unprotected sex If you are having unprotected sex, you may get pregnant and/or contract a sexually transmitted disease. Suggest you see a doctor for cramping or unusual discharge.
1358122	I have a bump on the left side of my head right behind my ear almost by my neck! It's a size of a quarter an it hurts to just laydown on it?	Get checked By a dermatologist who can let you know what it is or need for more tests. Take care
6761434	I missed two periods and yesterday i was having Brown discharge and today i got my period sexually active. Had a baby four months ago no birth control and im breastfeeding also gained weight and im constantly tired?	What's your question Periods can be very irregular while breast feeding, and since you got your period, it is unlikely that you are pregnant, but test will confirm. Tiredness is not uncommon with the demands of a new baby and breastfeeding, but can also be a symptom of post partum depression, anemia, and thyroid deficiency. Please see your doctor if tiredness and weight gain are your main concerns.
1597146	Pulling sensation in lower abdomen, urinating more often, fatigue and nausea. Haven't seen period since 3rd Nov. Is this caused by Depo-Provera provera? Or?	Pregnancy Test Yes, it can be caused by Depo Provera. But these are also pregnancy signs, so it is best to do a pregnancy test.
1215786	I am 17, sexually active, i haven't gotten my period and have brown discharge. Could i be pregnant?	No guessing here Doctors never guess when it comes to pregnancy. Please get a pregnancy test!
789326	My boy 16weeks old, completely healthy & normal.Noticing whenever he's playing/sleeping in bed/my arms, he's keeping his head in right side.I'm worried?	Torticollis Have this checked. Could be a right neck muscle, or torticollis, which can be fixed with physical therapy. Pretty benign if caught and fixed.
725760	My 3 yr old has horrible allergies. He has red, puffy, itchy eyes and a runny nose and sneezing. No allergy meds are helping him, what can I do?	Eye drops? Most people try claritin, zyrtec, allegra, but eye drops such as zatidor or Patanol can also help with symptoms. Pollen season is very very tough for many kids right now. Part of the challenge will be to fight through this tough peak of pollen.
770074	Had shoulder stability surgery 12 days ago having extream pain and bruising on elbow been taking aspirin entire time to prevent blood clot?	Stop the Aspirin Hold off the aspirin, it has not been shown to significantly reduce risk of a deep vein thrombosis, but will cause you to bleed and bruise. At 26 your low risk anyway. The bruising should just absorb. Follow up with your surgeon.
869152	Bitten in my sleep a few days ago - my ankle is swollen, painful at times to walk on, red rash, itchy, warm sometimes, what could this be? What helps?	Bitten by what? It could be infected by whatever bit you. I would recommend that you get to a doctor for evaluation and treatment.
6670834	Brushing my hair a small part of my head hurt so bad i touched that part and theres like a bump. my ear hurts too cause i got my tooth extracted?help	Hard to say Hard to say from information given. Please see dentist who extracted tooth. He may refer you to an oral surgeon.
1248025	Note, the rash is red flat dots , and some are dry white patches, itchy, around groin, itchy anus and itchy scrotum , doct says it was fungi, is true?	Can't tell Without a direct observation, i would not second-guess your doctor. However if the problem persists and his treatment failed, then you need to consult a dermatologist.
1507394	Question on my scrotal US?I got it done at the same place. Showing EXACT  to the .1cm same size even after orchitis.Possible they were wrong?	Not sure exactly What you're referring to. Do you mean your testicular size is basically the same before and after a bout of orchitis. Remember while swelling can and often is seen in cases of orchitis, a significant size change doesn't have to always be noted. Sometimes beyond swelling, the lack of a uniform appearing testis(heterogeneity) and increased vascular flow(hypervascularity) suggest orchitis on US
87542	I got a callous between my baby toe and the next toe , i've tried to scale it down but can't get all the way to it ..It there anything I can do ?	Many options You may benefit with use of toe spacers, special moisturizers, and the use of a emory board or a pumice stone. Have it evaluated by your podiatrist to discuss your conservative an surgical options.
366461	How do I know my knee pain is from a meniscal tear or chondromalacia?	The location of the Pain. Meniscal pain usually on the side (inside or outside), chondromalcia pain in the front of the knee.
1349204	Itchy skin all over body, worse at night, rash isn't that noticeable but itches like crazy & sometimes burns. What could it be?	Many possibilities When the body itches all over, it implies that the itching/rash may be a reaction from an ingestion such as a medication or food, or an allergy to the environment, ie hayfever. Another possibility could be a skin infestation such as scabies. Reactions to things like fabrics or laundry detergent will usually spare certain parts of the body such as the head/scalp, hands and feet.
763843	I have a sore throat possible ear infection bodys super weak and i feel dizzy and nauseated i don't want to do anything. Is this the flu is?	Family practice If your symptoms last longer then 48 hrs you should be seen.
1393991	Heart rate up 20-30 beats when standing up.then normal.cardiac?neuro?normal?ecg,cardiac echo, CT angio w contrast all ok.am obese and non athletic	Orthostasis it is normal orthostasis. as the blood pressure decreases, pulse inversely increases. try to increase fluid intake as dehydration has a tendency to increase likelihood of orthostatic hypotension.
1527162	What fact i have high SGOT,SGPT,GGT. But not hepatitis.  As now my liver test is back to normal but my ESR 51. I worry ,the infection recurred. ?	You had hepatitis Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver.. so yes you DO have hepatitis. So chemical, bacterial, viral and autoimmune could be the problem. As you mentioned AST, ALT and GGT are the liver enzymes monitored and are specific and sensitive markers. ESR is a very very non-specific tool that is not exclusively tied to liver inflammation. The important thing is that the liver numbers normalized.
789149	What can I do for a cold at home. Feeling cold and hot, started with a  slightheadache  sneezing, sore throat, dry cough and runny nose . Is this flu?	No Flu unlikely as the season is over. Likely just a run-of-the-mill virus.
282660	Mri showed a comminuted fibular head fracture and chrondrosis from recent acute trauma will I need surgery?	Usually not Do not have surgery unless explanation is clear to you about expected benefits versus risk if you do not have surgery.
896582	I have a lightly colored, brown mole which swells up a bit and turns to red after i scratch it. Is this normal, it this a type of skin cancer?	Probably not It is hard to say since I am not there to see it. If you are absolutely unsure i would go see a dermatologist.
393734	Could this be a panic attack or something else? Lately I have been getting an icy feeling in my chest, making me short of breath, and like someone is squeezing my left arm tightly.  The pain lasts for a few seconds and goes away, but over the last few day	Hello, Hello, this is a psychiatrist answering. Since you have a previous history of panic attacks, you would be likely to recognize the symptoms. Panic attacks usually last ten minutes or less. Symptoms can include: chest tightness or pain; breathing rapidly with possible shortness of breath, nausea or butterflies in stomach sensation, feeling of panic or extreme anxiety; feeling dizzy or lightheaded; fear of dying or going crazy; sensation of unrealness; numbness or tingling; heart beating faster or pounding harder, etc. Do not know your age, if you are normal weight or obese, if you have high blood pressure, high cholesterol or trigylcerides, other health problems etc. I know that you would like to avoid going to the er due to insurance issues, but i honestly do not kow the cause of your symptoms. The constellation of shortness of breath, chest discomfort and a tight squeezing sensation of your left arm is of concern.
959709	What would cause new break through flare ups of RLS i've been taking 1mg of mirapex now it doesn't work I have problems at 3pm never needed meds til 7?	Flareups Check your hemoglobin and ferritin levels to make sure you havent become anemic. Anemia can cause rls.
729206	When being tested for HSV 1/2 by blood, are both IgG and IgM checked?	Yes Yes, that is standard for testing. Igg will be positive in the case of an old infection, igm will be positive and igg negative for a new infection.
6691678	Just got back from my Miami. I developed a purplish non itchy rash. I've applied Cerva lotion and triamcinolone acetonide cream nothing is helping. ?	Rash are you able to send a picture? that would help
6688890	Jaw pain and arm pain for over a month now, ended up in a&e had bloods and an ECG, they and my doctor said it wasn't my heart, but I'm terrified it is?	Doesn't sound female Your symptoms for heart problems sound more like a man's than woman's. Most women's symptom are a feeling of indigestion or heartburn. Did you do any heavy lifting or slept in a funny position. Does the pain go away with meds like ibuprofen? Look at what you may have done to tweek your muscles on that side. Perhaps lifting a child or pet could do that. Don't live with it and get second opinion.
1338290	What red, raised, itchy rash develops right after swimming in a chlorinated public pool? It's only on chest and shoulders. Treatment ideas?	See a dermatologist Do not take Benadryl except at bedtime. It is a popular sleeping pill. Try taking 1 or 2 claratin (loratadine) or Zyrtec (cetirazine) an hour before you go in the pool.
1329707	Breast cancer, lymphadema, ovarian cysts,fibroid, atrophic kidney, gallbladder polyps, diverticula, appendicitis, osteoprosis, ddd are they connected?	Muliple issues I would suggest that you seek a comprehensive medical evalaution: some GI symptoms may be related; however breast cance, ovarian cysts, kidney diease are all separate issues. Get yourself in the hands of an expert or experts-ASAP.
831475	I got a Lyme disease test done.& IgG 66 came positive out of the other 10 bands. What does this mean? Do I have Lyme or had it? Should i worry? Thanks	If only one band, no If only one band, no. A positive not only requires more than one band, but they have to be specific bands.
1381869	Knee pain hurts bad to push on front spot just to the inside of patella. Slightly swollen. Feels better completely bent. Hurts to walk & straighten?	Meniscal injury Honestly, it sounds a whole lot like the symptoms that are commonly reported with meniscal tears or strains. It seems you already have experience with previous meniscal tear- does this feel familiar? Did you specifically injure it or did it just start hurting out of the blue?You need your doc to examine the knee and perform some tests and maybe an MRI before formulating a treatment plan.
182659	My legs knees and feet hurt really bad I can barely walk, I use a crutch for my hip but the legs knees and feet are a new pain, would appreciate any answers?	See a physician Unless you have a previous problem that explains why you need a crutch for a bad hip, that is reason alone to seek medical attention. The newer joints affected certainly suggests an inflammtory type arthritis such as rheumatoid. At 37, you should not be having these issues and you need to have a full evaluation. Start with your family physician or see a rheumatologist sooner then later.
61087	Could surgery remove the ovarian cysts?	Yes if needed Surgery can remove ovarian cysts, but they can also return even after surgery. Laparoscopic surgery can be used in some cases, and i believe that there may be medications that your gynecologist may try (hormones). Many types of ovarian cysts can also resolve on their own, unless they are very large.
315046	Big toe broken.One doc (podiatrist) says it's not displaced, the other (sports med surgeon) it is slightly. They agree in no surgery by now. Agree?	If 2 docs Agree then it sounds good. We are not privy to your x-rays and so can't really comment otherwise.
646172	Bilirubin total 1.1, sgot166, sgpt 96, albumin 2.52, alkaline phosp132, globulin 5.35, a/g ratio 0.47, total protein 7.87, what does  mean and wt to do?	Liver disease There is something active going on in the liver. This means should have a liver biopsy to determine the nature and the seveirty of it.
52848	I drank alcohol, the next day I woke up I got red spots or rashes in my back, chest and arms.Is it allergy?	Possibly Persons may develop allergic antibodies to the componets of wine (grape) or beer (barley, rye, hops) or even to the brewer's yeast. Some are also sensitive to the perservatives used such as sulfites. Un-sulfited wine is available in most wine shops. If consumption of any food or beverage repeatly results in an allergic symptom, then you are by definition allergic, regardless of the mechanism.
1338794	Late period for the last two days I been having cramps with brown mucus heartburn, loss of breathe nausea what's wrong?	Could be pregnant Do a pregnancy test. If negative then repeat if dat 35 and still no cycle. If still negative then make an appointment with your doctor. Hope this helps
249391	Is it ok to use lotion containing estrogen phytocytes if you are taking femara for ER positive  breast cancer?	Phytoestrogens. These are plant based creams or supplements which have estrogen-like molecules. It's probably best to avoid them if you have er-positive breast cancer. You should discuss this issue with your oncologist.
1273315	Dull chest pain that comes and goes between breasts that radiates to the mid upper back. Stretching back feels better. Gerd? Gas? Muscles? Posture?	Muscular features. As stretching helps it is likely this is muscular pain. Mid upper back ache is often posture related. Heat, stretching and Ibuprofen may be helpful, but if it persists you should see your doctor and get a chest xray.
1231840	Strong sweet smelling urine for 2 months. No other diabetes symptoms. Bloated lower abdomen, occasional pain when urinating. Could it be cancer?	Please be seen. There are lots of possibilities--please be seen and clear your mind. Many factors are to be considered aside from urinary infection, possible menstrual issues and even a consideration of pregnancy. Bowel issues need to be addressed too. Good luck.
120671	What are the reasons for an adenoidectomy and tonsillectomy in 5 year old with allergies, fluid in ears, snoring, and 3 episodes of facial swelling?	Surgery Sounds like you listed many qualifiers, recurrent strep tonsillitis is another common reason. If you have seen one surgeon and are uncomfortable with the recommendation, get a second opinion.
493051	Detected hCG in blood, urine.Doctor told me to wait till the scan to conform whether I am pregnant or not? I don't have symptoms like urination vomit	Early stages Your phisician is right to confirm that is a viable pregnancy or he wants to rule out ectopic pregnancy.
1602513	What does a breast cancer lump feel like? I have a pea sized, hard non movable lump.	Get an exam It could be things besides cancer, of course - a fibro-adenoma for example - but what you describe needs a professional exam very soon. Good wishes.
6782919	What could be causing the symptoms: sleep insomnia, weakness,tiredness, nausea, dizziness and hot flashes?	Symptoms Many items could lead to the symptoms you have. Are you taking meds and, if so, for what reasons? More importantly you need to see your doctor as soon as you can.
1515769	Do you think it could be stomach flu or just the common flu? I don't have a fever. I don't have a cough or sore throat. I donthave diarrea or vomiting	? do we think WHAT is stomach flu or common flu? You have no fever, cough, sore throat, no diarrhea or vomiting. What DO you have? I can't tell
487352	My hand gets numb and between my thumb and index finger hurts a lot  what causes the pain?	The area between Your thumb and index is innervated by a sensory branch of the radial nerve, this nerve runs past the base of the thumb and comes from an area near the thumb side of your wrist under a muscle called the brachioradialis. Any irritation tho this nerve can result in altered snesation in this area, commonly an arthritic joint will hurt and the nerve may be irrupted from the joint or a splint.
383203	Hi i was wondering if these sound like the symptoms of a urinary tract infection or of something else. It hurts to urinate and my bladder feels like it is always full. Even when i'm not urinating sometimes it hurts and burns. Also I have some back pains a	Blood Blood in the urine means stones, or infection, or tumor or combinations thereof. Fever makes infection more likely, pain makes a stone more likely, & no pain & no fever makes tumor more likely. See your doctor & provide him a urine sample as nitrates in the urine make infection more likely and can be treated with antibiotics to relieve your symptoms quickly.
154523	If you have a kidney infection, will a urine test to test for bladder infection show it?	Yes usually If have symptoms urine test helps to find out.
1154777	I have pressure in my ears, a sore throat, and chest congestion that i can't cough up because my throat is so sore. What could this be?	Seasonal flu It is very common viral infection. Usually the condition resolves on its own with home care. Drink water and get a good rest. If there is no improvement or sore throat is severe or lasts longer than another week, or you are getting joint pain; see your pcp for evaluation.
400392	How do you get rid of frequent recurrent yeast infections that don't go away with ordinary treatment. I have tried diflucan, monistat, boric acid suppositories, and swallowing acidopholus tablets. It keeps coming back. I had a hysterectomy and started tak	I I am so sorry that you are going through that. It sounds like you are doing everything right. Ask your doctor if they think that vaginal atrophy (common after hysterectomy) are contributing to your symptoms. They have probably told you to reduce sugary foods and drinks, reduce alcohol (because of sugar content), only wear cotton underwear or ideally no underwear, avoid baths or bubble baths, and to use a blow dryer (from a safe distance) after your shower. You can also ask your pharmacist for products such as vagisil (there are also other products that are similar) that can help keep the skin clean and itch-free.
1525083	Dx with IBS, 4 Ct scans over last 3 years, just show diverticulosis (not itis), narrow stools or small pebbly stools, mucus, ocaisional blood, cancer?	Probably not This is probably not caner, but you may want to report your symptoms to your doctor to see if she thinks a colonoscopy would be helpful.
1477584	Urethra feels sore a little tight to the touch like it's being pulled towards my scrotum. I also feel that sometimes there is urine still stuck ?	Willie's Worried? Might be that there is irritation in there and maybe that's an infection. Or irritation from soap or rough handling. Do you have stains on your underwear?Hurt while urinating? Even that stuck feeling could be a sign of a problem. If it doesn't go away in the next few days or if it gets worse, have it checked by a doctor and until then insert it in a condom before anything else. Better yet, abstain
515732	My duaghter just came to me about a bump on her shoulder looks likes something in it or like a mole this been torn but there was no mole?	Wait and see It sounds like whatever was there was scratched off, on purpose or by accident. It could have been a tick as well. Wash the area, and keep it clean. Monitor the site for any redness around the area. If any develops, go see your doctor. If there is a recurrent mole or skin lesion, get it checked by your doctor. If nothing develops, them no worries.
1594121	My son's heart while at rest or while sleeping beats at a normal rate but fluctuates in speed ever few seconds. Kind of like a car's idle that surges.	Chances are it's a normal sinus arrhythmia, but his pediatrician needs to know his age, resting heart rate & other symptoms to perform a physical exam & determine if a pediatric cardiology consult is needed + 24-hour monitoring of his heart rate & rhythm. See http://www. heart.org/HEARTORG/Conditions/Arrhythmia/AboutArrhythmia/Types-of-Arrhythmia-in-Children_UCM_302023_Article.jsp#mainContent
1163910	Small red pus fill bumps that appear only  on my thighs and buttocks that don't itch .They re not in a patch.	? Can have different reasons. If persist or get worse see your doc.
1216813	Rheumatologist said I have low bence-jones protein in urine..Complement c3, C4 are normal..Ch50 high..He said don't worry. Should i go to oncologist?	Yes Go to see a hematologist/oncologist to evaluate further on the bence-jones protein.
1354154	24 weeks pregnant, feeling like im going to passout, K level 3.2, nausea, left arm hurts and feels as if it wants to go numb.  Should I be concerned?	Yes Call your obstetrician or go to emergency room.
761910	Vaginal bleeding (brown old blood) for 4 months went to dr took provera for 10 days now super heavy bright red period  w/ lrg clots dr says norm?	Provera reaction The reaction from Provera is to cause bleeding once you have finished the medicine heavy bleeding is not unusual.
1171740	34 years old, had tubal ligation via resection 12 years ago. Had two full periods 12 days apart, still spotting, heaviness and cramping in uterus.	Irregular periods are one of the most common problems Obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . there are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1332877	Lwr R abdomen+ lwr R back pain. Stomach pain just worsened. Cant move, keeping me awake. Chills, hot flashes,no fever, but nausea and vomiting. Help?!	Is someone with you? If you are living at home with a family member or friend why not ask if they could take you to the closest urgent care center if your doctor's office is no longer open? Certainly stay as well hydrated as possible but taking small sips of water continuously or eating ice chips. You should be seen if symptoms don't get better quickly.
761915	If I have endometriosis, fibroids, and uterine prolapse is there any possibility that i could have children again? Is the only treatment hysterectomy?	Yes and no It is possible that you could have more children. As far as the fibroid goes, it depends on the size and location of the fibroid(s). Endometriosis definitely can affect fertility. There are ways of treating both the fibroid and the endometriosis medically, surgically or using both in order to optimize your chances. Prolapse may affect how you carry but not your ability to get pregnant.
6708356	How do I wean off celebrex ,gabapinten,tramadol and celexa on thhem all for over a year also is there a way to avoid the withdrawl symptoms ?	Withdrawal Safest way is gradual tapering. Your doctor can come up with detailed schedule for each medication to help you gradually discontinue & avoid withdrawal, depending on the dosage of each medication.
810926	I have high blood pressure, anemic, blood vessels contraction through parts of my head, and neck line throbbing. Should i be concern?	Yes If you know you have high blood pressure and anemia, i assume you have been to your doctor and learned about your diagnoses. If that is the case, then you need to be concerned enough about things to follow your doctor's directions. If you haven't been to see you doctor, you should go.
6768139	Short lived, Sharp pain in head when i bend over, look up or down (moving head not eyes) almost feels like a migraine, but just lasts minutes
?	Uncertain It may be sinus issue. It could be a muscle issue of muscles around your neck. You can check this with your physicians
1412939	16 days late, severe cramps, moodiness. Three negative pregnancy tests. ER Dr said no signs of any infections or abnormalities. What could be wrong?	Stress factor Are you reaching the age of menopause. Many factors can cause delay, ex stressor anxiety or severe exercise .
1258506	No PMS symptoms 4 days before period is due, peeing frequently, breasts tender, watery cervical mucus...Could i be pregnant?	Pregnancy question Pms and pregnancy symptoms may be hard to tell apart. Have you had unprotected sex since your last menstrual period? If so, you're a candidate for pregnancy -- but a pregnancy test is needed to know for sure. The results are most reliable once you've missed your period by 7 days.
1577128	Are home tests like ez detect or coloCARE sufficient to detect blood in stool prior to doctor visit if unsure?	Yes Colocare and ez detect are home stool detection kits to determine if there is any small quantitiy of blood in stool, an amount that is not clinically apparent or in many cases missed by the guaiac stool test. This approach is not that accurate since blood is present in stool in small amts for many reasons unrelated to cancer and fails to detect those cancers not producing blood in the stool.
1093642	2 weeks ago i had hand/foot/mouth, ever since stuffy nose, throat congestion, and now stiff neck? What could it be?	Cannot diagnose This sounds as if you have a viral upper respiratory tract infection, but 2 weeks is a lengthy time to be symptomatic. You don't say whether you have fever, nausea, vomiting or photophobia, but your symptoms have been present long enough to warrant a visit to your primary care physician. Go and i hope you feel better soon.
1179597	Took monostat1 4 days ago for a yeast infection. Vaginal burning is gone but still have bad itching around labia with discharge in clitoris.  Thoughts?	Yeast infection You could try a second dose of monistat, if this does not resolve your symptoms you should see your physician who may prescribe a different medication and confirm whether you have a yeast infection. Take care!
1418370	What do you suggest if my heart feels weird after taking a blood pressure medicine?	Need more specifics But this is a good thing to talk to your doctor about. There are umpteen different medicines and your doctor needs to work with you to find the one that works, with the best side effect profile.
1525339	What causes a 2 hr dull pain in left chest above breast below collarbone?Passed stress test, ekg, heart monitor.similar pains in arm shoulder blade.	Many things The most important to rule out is heart disease, and sounds like you've done that. Gastrointestinal reflux, heartburn, costochondritis, muscle spasm, shoulder arthritis-it's a long list. Anxiety is a biggie.
1412937	I accidentally nicked off a newer mole. Grew back a small pink bump. Do basal cell growths usually have hair growing out of them?	You probably have some scar tissue or the mole is still forming from the trauma. Basal cell cancers don't grow from moles, and typically do not have hair growing out of them, unless the cancer appears in a hairy area
1409493	Having severe cramps and sharp pain in llq of abdomen radiating to back nausea vomiting bloating had hysterectomy 1 yr ago pain is 9/10 low grade feve?	Ovary vs GI If you still have your left ovary, it could be a cyst. Your GYN may want it do an ultrasound. Of the ovary was removed, it may be a GI issue. You may need to see a gastroenterologist.
6706695	I have ovarian cyst that are like a grapefruit size is there a treatment besides surgery?	No The cyst is too large to shrink with the oral contraceptive pill.
222580	What antidepressants cause urinary retention? I have stress incontinence.	Incontinence Any antidepressants that exhibit blocking properties of the peripheral nervous system can impact the organs attached to them especially the tricyclics antidepressannts such as elavil. The other such notriptylline and imipramine. An ekg is always good to have since these antidepressants can impact the rate and rhymin of the heart. There are newer agents for your conditiom.
677957	Seasonal allergies in 3yr old? Since pollen started she has had clear runny nose, congestion and on and off congested cough. Normal? What can be done?	Maybe This could very well be allergies. This is more likely if there is a family history of allergy. Try on of the over the counter antihistamines. They are very safe and effective.
1321266	I have very thin hairs on my head since childhood and now i attained the age of 18 and I am getting bald now. Can i grow healthy & thick hairs??	No see a dermatologist for precise evaluation.
759964	11mths since having a early miscarriage why are my periods still so messed up? & when will they get back to normal was 28days now 30-31 + missed  mth	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
391550	What is it? I have a black dot on the bottom of my last mole the one before my wisdom teeth i'm 21 year old female i recently went to the dentist and had x-rays and they said i had no cavities and that everything was good this was a month ago what could b	Talk toyour dentist A dark spot can be a cavity, or sometimes stains on your tooth. You did not say if you have any pain or sensitivity. It is a good idea to talk to your dentist aboutn your concerns again, or get a second opinion.
122634	What can be the result of weakness, dizziness, fatigue, peeing frequently and headaches follwed by nausea?	Get checked! Specifically a urine test. Often bladder infections can cause the symptoms you describe. Also having very high sugars (undiagnosed diabetes) can cause your symptoms. Both would be evident in a urine test. Please see your doctor!
1077109	What does rubbery clear mucus mean? I'm sneezing and coughing. My ears are itchy and my throat is too.	Allergies or viral This sounds like either an environmental allergy exacerbation or a viral upper respiratory infection. Depends if it developed over a week or two or a day or two. If it's weeks, then it's allergies and recommend otc Claritin or zyrtec. If over a few days then viral and would recommend otc tylenol cold or advil cold.
6694521	I had a breast reduction in 2008. I now have pneumonia and last night during a horrible coughing episode I felt a pop at the top of my abdomen close to my right breast followed by extreme burning that radiated half way down my abdomen and to the side. Tod	? the question is cut off. please advise
1191548	Help please? I had one removed) and wisdom tooth, it makes my whole jaw hurt. It does react to sweets, but i cannot see any cavity?	See your dentist There can be a number of issues going on especially since your having jaw pain. Sometimes when a tooth is removed, it leaves the adjacent tooth root surface exposed, which can be sensitive to cold and sweets. Definitely see your dentist.
1251484	Monday my 9yr old was extreamly dizzy and very white. Er trip & neg CT & blood work. Now friday he is very tired. Cant get him into dr. Any ideas?	Viral? Possibly viral infection. It's hard to tell what it can be as i don't know what blood work was done and what was normal . Make sure he is well hydrated. If symptoms persist for over a week, please see your doctor.
1290060	Suffering from horrific headaches my whole life tests rule out nothing serious, its hereditary.I just took tylenol, did nothing.When can I take excedrin?	Ask a Pharmacist Call or go to a local pharmacy and ask. The pharmacist should be able to answer that type of question for you.
940971	Bad headaches for 2 weeks on and off, nausea, dizziness (not vertigo), fatigue, increased heart rate (at times). Blood tests normal. Not pregnant.	Headache Does your headache radiate around your head or is it located in one place? Do you have flashing lights in your eyes when you have the headaches? Of you do, you could have migraine headache. That is called the prodrome. If it feels like a band around your head, it could be a tension headache. I hope this helps. I need a little more history to fully help you if it continues, see family doc.
289352	Anxiety, hip pain, headaches, some hair loss, fatigue, sometimes ill get a rash on my inner arms when im in the sun to long, ect. Could I have lupus?	Maybe See your dermatologist for the answer.
1368321	Got a rash on legs knees elbows and buttocks from being at the beach today. Any ideas what caused this? Not itchy- but looked like hives.	Beach Rash Several factors can cause you to be itchy after a trip to the beach. Bugs, like sand fleas and the mosquito, are not uncommon on some beaches. The sand itself can cause irritations, especially to sensitive skin or freshly shaved skin. Another cause could be sweat dermatitis, which is a rash caused when sweat is trapped in the skin. Itching and tiny red spots are a characteristic of this rash.
6706278	How to avoid stomach pains, gas/bloating/cramping feelings after taking adderall or vyvanse?	Change medication If the symptoms are persisting, a change of medication is called for. Ask your doctor about Provigil or nuvigil, which can be effective without significant side effects.
987812	Nagging ache in right arm & upper shoulder towards the neck. Reminds me of when you pump your crazy bone in your elbow.	Get checked Could be a rotator cuff shoulder problem or a pinched nerve in the neck.
1550933	2 positive Urine test and 1 positive blood test for pregnancy, today Nov 19 I have a negative urine test and my period came. Cab I still be pregnant?	Hmm, well... The negative test and fact that your period is now present would go against being pregnant. It does sound as if you were pregnant though in the recent past. Miscarriages are more common than you would think, and maybe your body was not ready for pregnancy. Not definitively sure though, ..you need to see the GYN Doctor as you need an exam to treat you either way. Best wishes, God Bless
817656	Darkened nipples, light tingly(gas maybe?)like cramps, nausea, food cravings, dizziness, nosebleeds, & sore breasts PMS or pregnancy?Also light bleeding	As above To be sure do home pregnancy test.
1598087	This is my thyroid test results:T4:11.8/T3:1.9/TSH:0.6. Is there any thing wrong in it? Can it cause or worsen my hair loss process?My doc says it ok.	Looks OK Hi. Those labs look OK. No one uses total T4 anymore; is your doc old? Free T4 is a much more useful lab test. Anyway, those labs look OK. Nothing about them would worsen hair loss.
540847	I  just had sex and now my vagina is itchy and irratated  and i'm positive that i don't have a yeast infection or a std. What else could be wrong?	Irritation form Sex. Is common and can simply be abrasions in the vagina rather than an infection. If you were using a condom, it is possible that you have a latex sensitivity or allergy and your vagina is reacting to that. Same fo rany lubricating agents that you are using.
1476678	What causes a 5 second stabbing pain in the center of chest/ upper abdomen / xiphoid area?Right at braline.PCP says heart ok.Fear cardiac problem!	Not heart Your pain is atypical for heart disease. You are 38. If you're premenopausal, a non-smoker, and non-diabetic, your risk of heart disease is effectively 0. If you have the risk factor(s) above, a stress test could be justified but will likely be normal.
618424	Dear dr. My kid is one year old we make CBC the result was 
hemoglobin 15.     Hematocrit 44.7
leucocytic 15.900  platlet 366.000  
is it normal?	All a bit high Normal hemoglobin at this age would be ~12, hct~36 &wbc ~9, 000. The values would be more consistent with adulthood or a child with some dehydration or a condition causing increased generation of red cells.
1028474	"mono" or strep throat? What are the major difference in symptoms i would see? I have most symptoms of both, but i feel more weakness/fatigue, pains.	First, Mono Is a vi Stbrep inf-is a bacteria. Symptoms could be same :fever , sore thraoat, abdominal pain. But weakness and fatique more common in mono. To differentiate you need a blood test for mono and strep throat test.
1109938	Does your breast become tender and itchy before period ?	For many women - yes Hormonal changes that occur before your period cause fluid retention in breasts. The stretching of tissue can cause pain and itching.
485154	I have sjogren's disease and fibromyalgia. My lymph nodes are so swollen it hurts to touch my neck, chest and back. Should i be worried?	Yes Lymphadenopathy of this magnitude not associated with either condition.
6746453	Can you have thyroid problems with normal labs? TSH- 0.75. Free T4-0.91. MD said neck "full". Also have small lump just left of submental space. Frequently tired/fatigued. General soreness. Severe acne lower part of face. New high BP (150s/100s)	Fatigued There are lots of possible causes of fatigue. If the thyroid tests are normal, then the cause of the fatigue is probably something else. You should follow your doctor's advice.
823203	Ten days out surgery to repair both meniscus in left knee, ankle and foot swollen. Sonogram for clot negative. What to do for normal?	Elevation Keep your foot elevated when possible. When in bed put a pillow under it. Talk to your surgeon.
554072	44 fem anxty/panic hiatal hernia center chest pain in betw breast reflux burping EKG chest X-ray labs all good.  40mg Prilosec  worried about cause?	The hiatal hernia This type of hernia causes the reflux. If you're happy with your symptom control on the prilosec, it's ok to continue, but that drug causes oseoporosis, pneumonia, and gastric polyps. As young as you are, i recommend you consider having the hiatal hernia repaired by a surgeon, which ends your reflux for good. Also, if you have "asthma", this may be the reflux and an operation can cure that too.
540908	What causes itchy hands that would appear very small of what looks like pimples/ bug bites in your hands which is very itchy?	Eczema It could be a form if eczema called dyshydrotic eczema that is treated with strong steroid cream.
1092706	Impressions: 1) broad based central disc protusion at l4-l5 level.  2) mild degeneration changes in cervical and lower lumbar spine.	Not unusual What you have listed under the impressions seems to be a report from an MRI scan or ct scan of the spine. In a 26 year old, these are not unusual findings. The disc bulge refers to an outpouching of the l4-5 disc. It is not frankly ruptured or herniated. This goes along with the degenerative changes you mention, which are often referred to also as arthritic changes of the spine.
343204	2 y/o w ear infec bin on amoxicilin for 5 dy fever gon is playful but stil no apetit n chest congestion n cough as bad as day1. Switch antib?	Otitis media You may have continue the same abx, as it appears it has helped as the fever went down and child is playful. However if he is not improving in the next five days, you may have to take him back to the doctor.
1472600	I been off Depo-Provera for 11months, got my period 8mnths after but I been bleeding for over a month since. Why am I still bleeding? What can I do?	Normal depo effect Irregular periods are the norm on depoprovera. Many patients have no periods at all. Others will experience irregular menstrual bleeding. This is how depo works. It can take up to one year to regulate after. Consider taking birth control now to regulate your cycle
6658174	8w3 pregnant. Ultrasound showed a cyst on my right ovary. 
Is this something I should be concerned about or should it correct itself?	It depends on the size and characteristics of the cyst, but the vast majority are of no particular concern.
655369	Sharp pains behind right thigh down past my knee.  Knee not swelling, can't put weight on it.  Feels like fire in back of leg.  Hip replaced 2007?	Posterior Thigh Pain Sounds like sciatica due to burning feeling down thigh. The sciatic nerve is located in your buttock. Previous hip replacement may leave you with some hip abductor muscle weakness. This can cause the piriformis muscle to contract and shorten around the sciatic nerve. Other causes may be issues with prosthesis or with the nerve from your spine causing a radiculopathy.
298261	I fill nauseated, fatigue, urinate a lot, crave pickles a lot, and have sore breast, have had this for bout a week, is there a chance im pregnant?	Absolutely Get thee a pregnancy test.
1106815	What are some over-the-counter meds for joint pain (ankles, knees, wrists, etc)?	Medications As stated , there are a number of meds for joint pain , but first see a rheumatologist to determine why you have the joint pain.
655817	Have pain in the front right chest muscle that shoots down back of arm to top of forearm to fingers. Help?	Pinched nerve Because patients having cardiac problems can have these symptoms, you should have this ruled out. But the most common cause is an irritation of a nerve in the neck by a bone spur or herniation that can cause pain or numbness that runs down the arm into the hand. An MRI can usually show the cause of the problem if it does not resolve. Thank you for the question.
783799	If I am still feeling sick after mono, should I go back to my doctor?	Mononucleosis I don't know where you are at in your illness. If you have mononucleosis the fever usually resolves within about 10 days. Swelling of lymph nodes & organs usually resolves within about a month. You may have fatigue from several weeks to several months. You may be contagious for several months (even if asymptomatic). If you are having increased symptoms- please see your physician back.
297258	Have sudden pain behind knee. Is that one of the signs and symptoms of leg blood clot?	Probably not Sudden onset pain usually is associated with something like a muscle tear or cyst rupture if the pain is very localized to behind the knee, not involving the entire lower leg. However, any time there is concern about a possible blood clot, you should be checked by a health professional.
1009755	Rash when starting singulair for asthma?	Rash Rash may be an uncommon side effect of singular.
722728	Missed period, was a milky discharge now it thicken, slight cramping fatigue gets light headed, never took a pregnancy test?	Take HPT Home pregnancy test would settle the issue. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions in the kit carefully. You may consult this site for signs of pregnancy. Please see your doctor for possible antennal care for the sake of your and your baby's health. http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/pregnancy-am-i-pregnant.
1163474	Pos ana, increasing: numbness hands feet, dropping things/clumsy, forget things. Vit d deficiency explains muscle weakness, read can be assoc MS how?	Maybe Vitamin d deficiency does not explain the weakness. You need to see a neurologist asap. A rheumatologic consultation is also advisable.
857114	I had sex two weeks ago and i had wore a condom but having a burning itchy vagina can it be yeast infection or something else?	Sounds like a yeast It surely sounds like a yeast infection given the lack of other symptoms.
1599137	3 weeks ago I ended up with a wisdom tooth infection and got amoxicillin. The infection weand it came back can the doctor rewrite another prescription?	Maybe The doctor may give you a different prescription but that would be just another temporary solution. If your wisdom teeth are the cause of your infection than they need to be removed. You need to see a dentist/ oral surgeon immediately.
1096390	Im 18 and have one inverted nipple that itches, can it be breast cancer!?	If the nipple has Always been inverted - that is likely your anatomy. Breast cancer risk is quite low at age 18. However, if these are new changes - have them medically assessed.
871922	For a few months i've noticed an itchy hard lump on the pubic area that turns into a blister, pops and turns into the lump again.What is it? Im a girl	Please see Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This may be apocrine acne.
685808	Best way to stop snoring? Weight loss done. Smoking stopped. Alcohol stopped. Nasal strips tried. Mouth guards tried. Nothing has worked	ENT and sleep eval See an ear, nose, throat specialist to see if large tonsils or adenoids are blocking air flow. Also, a sleep dr can see if there is airway obstruction that can be helped by a CPAP machine that forces air with positive pressure.
626060	Had unprotected sex, took pill. Had period for 12 d. After 2 d had unprotected sex again. No period now for 40 d. Sore nipples. Am i pregnant? 20 fem	Take a test If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy.
323810	Pain in right shoulder upper right chest and down right arm into the hand, sore to move neck causing very sever pain in a male of 48?	Rue Could be right cervical ridiculous thy (pinched nerve), brachial plexopathy or even a mono neuropathy like carpal tunnel causing proximal symptoms. ..
311422	Hi i missed my periods for 2months but I have no symptoms i done hpt it is neative and beta hCG also the result is<2.0 i want know that I am pregnant.?	Not pregnant With a beta HCG of less than 2.0 you are not pregnant.
1240032	Can I use hydrocortisone cream 2.5% to help with a yeast infection? Can i apply it to the outside of vagina?	Steroids No. Steroids would turn off the immune response and allow the infection to grow worse!
1079230	Tested neg for yeast/bv/trich and neg for stds/herpes 4 months post exposure. What is the cause of clumpy white itchy discharge?	It sure sounds like A yeast infection. Talk to ur doc about empiric treatment.
351950	How long is a child contagious after they have had hand foot mouth disease?	Depends on variables Oral secretions will be contagious for a week to 10 days while the virus can still be present in the stool for 6 weeks. In texas the department of health permits kids with hfm to return to day care after the fever is gone.Normal hygienic practices will prevent spread among susceptible adults.
1063721	Coughing, sneezing, sore throat, leg cramp, abdominal cramps, diarrhea,  and lower back pain.  Been going on for 1 week & cough producin green mucus.	Possible infection This could be a sign of that systemic infection either viral or bacterial , it would be best to see your physician immediately.
629609	On Depo-Provera provera for 14 months and no period since day one. I started cramping/spotting 3 weeks ago after intercourse. No stds. What could be the cause?	Stop and check. Most women can use depo-provera. However, it is not recommended for women who have: unexplained vaginal bleeding liver disease breast cancer blood clots. So please see a gyn before start again...
1544921	Saw dr today 4 multi symptoms. Chills low fever difficult breathing painful sore throat headache muscle pain all over fatigue.dx strep inf.gave me antibiotics. Still feel distressed. Anything 2 take?	Hydration Consider adequat hydration with warm fluids. If not getting better in 1-2days or getting worse now, more painfull respirations, shortness of breath or chest pains to Emergency room right away.
939026	Chiari m 8mm, head pressure, lumps down spine, push on them relieves hd pressure, mem loss, no feeling in ft, tingling, dizzy, hd pain shoots back hd.Er?	PCP not ED Your primary care provider may help and send you to the appropriate specialist depending on the exam (neurologist, psychologist, rheumatologist, infectious disease specialist, psychiatrist, neurosurgeon). This needs a thorough clinical evaluation. Trip to the hospital er will unlikely get you closer to a diagnosis.
6730628	18yr old, muscle weakness in hands&legs, dizzy, tingle in feet&hands, vision change, leg stiff,feels weak. 6 months, 2 MRI's, blood test, clean. Help!	Tough case This sounds important. Hopefully the MRI studies looked at the brain and the neck, that is very important here. Hopefully the folks who have looked at you are very deliberate, this sounds like a tough case and not one that should be quickly dismissed.
6625619	3-4 times per day my knee feels like it's getting tighter then pops, sort of like a knuckle popping, but deeper and louder. Xray negative. What is it?	MENISCUS A torn meniscus (cartilage) in the knee does not "show up" with routine imaging! Sounds like you need an MRI! Check with your PCP (Primary Care Provider) Hope this helps Dr Z
1364451	Can I take a heart attack or stroke from taking 2 advils a day 3-5 days per week for my tension headaches?	Should not As asked, Ibuprofen would not cause you to have a heart attack. Prolonged use of nsaids may lead to kidney damage and/or intestinal inflammation. Good luck.
1187457	Have cold with itchy throat, ears and chest for the past three days. Been taking cough drops; should I visit doctor or try something at home?	Yes When in doubt, it is better be safe than sorry. Itchy throat is not a symptoms for a cold however and one wonders if you are allergic instead. In the meanwhile, may try otc antihistamine
1606517	What is the sensitivity of EKGs, echocardiograms, and cardiac MRIs for detecting previous heart attacks? Would a normal echocardiogram signal good prognosis in the event of a previous heart attack?	Yes A normal Echo usually means the valves and pumping action of your heart is normal. However you would need a stress test and nuclear scan of your heart to see if the circulation in your heart is normal, and to see if you have any evidence of a heart attack. Good luck!
6639428	2 1\2 weeks late, urine test showed faint line, but blood test had level 0.1, could I still be pregnant? Is blood test more reliable?	Yes A negative blood test at 2. 5 weeks after a missed period essentially rules out pregnancy.
6650641	Why do I feel a tender spot next to my spine  and right shoulder blade and coldness? Also stiff neck and muscle aches upper shoulder to upper back?	Neck pain sounds like a muscular problem. heat , antiinflammatories, and muscle relaxers may help.
1596372	I've had dry throat,clicking in ears when I swallow,itchy,mild pain in ear plus phlegm. No fever, fatigue or body aches for 5 days?could it be strep?	Strep throat symptom The signs and symptoms of strep throat are: 1) Fever and sore throat. 2) Redness of the back of the throat, 3) Lymph nodes or tonsils that are enlarged and tender to the touch, 4) Whitish ulceration over the tonsils. A patient with all of these may be treated with penicillin; otherwise a throat culture or rapid strep test is usually required to establish the diagnosis.
283100	Er said migraine variant, then tia? But no, not TIA bc CT was clean, now maybe MS (so that = mri)--just want 2 know why l arm weak/numb & l eye blurry	Not a confusion Migraine can produce an ischemic event that appears as a tia. This will not show up on ct or even MRI in most cases. The clinical symptoms are adequate to diagnosis the condition. More serious causes need to be ruled out such as heart disease, blood pressure disorder, clotting disorder, diabetes, etc. Aspirin is the safest treatment. A thorough evaluation is needed.
399351	Does PMS go away after a hysterectomy? My doctor has recommended removing my uterus but leaving the ovaries with my hysterectomy. Will i still get PMS symptoms?

.	If If you still have both or one ovary, there is a possibility that you could still experience pms.
399350	How long does treatment for chlamydia last? How long do I have to take antibiotics for chlamydia? When i've finished the medication, is the chlamydia gone for good?

.	Chlamydia Chlamydia is treated with antibiotics. It is often treated with one dose of Azithromycin or Doxycycline twice a day for seven days. People with chlamydia should abstain from sexual intercourse for seven days after either treatment, to prevent spreading the infection to partners.
399600	I have a rash on my vagina and it itches what is wrong with me? The last time i been with a guy was wednesday , i started feeling itchyand saw a rash was on sunday. The guy said he felt a itchy sensation but it went away no rash and he is not circumcised	You You can try taking some Benadryl and a sitz bath as that may help for irritation, but if it is persistent, or if you have a visible rash, discharge, pain or fever then let your doctor know so that you can be evaluated and treated.
288484	Chronic neck pain radiating into shoulders arms and down spine, unable to raise arms above head and weakness down arms n tingling in fingers. ?	See a dic You need a neck MRI asap this could be spinsl cord impingment or netve root thatvis alot of weakness if you can't get your arms over your head these issue are bezt addressed early.
1128724	I've been on the Depo-Provera shot for 3 years, and was considering switching to an implant like implanon. How do they compare?	Check out these Links. God bless u! http://www. rxlist.com/depo-provera-side-effects-drug-center.htm. http://m.plannedparenthood.org/mt/www.plannedparenthood.org/health-topics/birth-control/birth-control-implant-implanon-4243.htm.
752086	Tender soft movable mass in each armpit. Left14cm right 8cm. Dull radiating pain to arm & outer breast. Pcp eval=no swollen nodes&cbc wnl. Advice?	Nodes Sounds like they have been present for awhile recommend a biopsy to be certain what they are.
596049	The past 2 days, I have 2 lumps behind my right ear & severe neck pain. I went to dr. & said it was swollen nodes possible infection. Is this normal?	Swollen nodes & neck Swollen neck nodes and neck pain are not "normal". Your doctor may not have noted a clear cause for your symptoms because there were no clear findings to confirm an infection....Yet. Follow your doctors recommendations and follow-up if you have new or worsening symptoms.
1444803	What kind of hyster is it when they just take your uterus and cervix and leave your ovaries and tubes?	Depends on technique You said it yourself, Hysterectomy. What is unusual is leaving tubes behind. It is common in young women to leave ovaries, but usually tubes removed as well. Anyhow there are three main types: the uterus is taken out through the vagina, called Vaginal Hysterectomy, the other is with a laparoscope and small incisions, called laparoscopic hysterectomy. And last through open incision in abdomen.
651673	I have a small red bump on my inner thigh. I squeezed it & some clear fluid came out. I am negative for genital herpes, but i'm still scared thats it?	Dies not sound Scary , may be just a small cyst. If u r concerned about it see u physician.
1026964	Dx serositis sle.  Abnormalities found on CT of liver.No masses.Norm biopsy. No gallbladder. Can inflamed liver cause severe bloating and nausea?	Possible, but It depends on how bad your liver is inflamed. The symptoms could be from medication side effect. You should discuss this with your rheumatologist for more accurate advice.
971473	What is this? I have itchy, red bumps rash with pus.	Not sure There are a # of possible causes. The best way to get an accurate diagnosis would be dermatological evaluation.
1152688	Severe menstrual cramps with little mucusy  bloody brown discharge! what does that mean? I don't feel breast tenderness or nausea to suggest pregnancy .	The brown discharge Is usually, older deoxygenated blood being cleaned from the uterus. If this is your period then you are not pregnant. However, since it doesn't sound like it is characteristic for your normal period - taking a pregnancy test can provide you with definitive information. Take care.
829818	Missed Depo-Provera 5 weeks ago, very nauseated, sore breasts, keep getting negative hpt-3 days ago. No usual spotting, only white discharge. Just hormones?	Might be hormones Depo has built-in margin of safety in most pts ofa month. It can be wearing off and you can be getting ready to cycle on your own, and either get pregnant or have a period. If hpt still neg in 2-3 wks you might see a med professional about options.
1119859	I had mononucleosis about 2 months ago and i still have the neck pain. Now I have a sore throat, is the mono back? Should i be worried or not	Long lasting Can be 18m max to return to normal, don't worry, get alot of sleep and repeat ebv titers in 3months.
1380683	Can you have strep throat but with no symptoms? I do have swollen tonsils, white spots, and a sore throat, but no fever, aches, etc. I feel fine..	See below Could be a mild case of strep throat (pharyngitis). However, sore throat even with white spots is often caused by viral infection.
1602210	Likely explanation for spotting-turned-regular period that began  9 days after last period ended? Not on BC/not sexually active/no stress/no new meds.	Spotting Sometimes after ovulation, insufficient progesterone is produced in the corpus luteum (cells which are hormone producing after release of the egg). This can cause irregular spotting and then bleeding since the lining of the womb requires progesterone to remain intact after ovulation, and not degenerate, which causes the bleeding. If this continues, see your healthcare provider for testing.
774114	I have sob, tight chest, phlegm. Almost 2 wks. Fam history has heart disease. Also sluggish. I have lost 91lbs in 1 year. Should be feeling great?	CXR Active smoker with above history and no more info. See a physician and get a chest x-ray and good history and physical. Don't like your weight loss. Are you trying to loose weight? Acute process like pneumonia vs more chronic process like a malignancy.
1593504	On off Pain in lymphnodes under arm, lymphnodes in groin. Dry itchy rashes on back n inbetween fingrs. Mild on off stomachache in lower, headac, what?	Confusion Given your constellation of symptoms you will need lab work up by a physician.
368511	My husband just had a micro fracture surgery on his femur/tibia. What are some rehab ideas?	Talk to the surgeon His surgeon knows exactly what was done and should guide your husband's rehabilitation. Rehab tries to improve function. The timing is very important. There is often a delicate balance between allowing time for healing and getting the ball rolling. Talk to the surgeon or assistants.
671881	What to do if I have pink/red itchy little bumps inside my vagina, do I have a yeast infection?	May be, may be not. Usually yeast infection causes redness, itchiness and abnormal thick cheesy and curdy discharge. It is less likely to cause bumps in the vagina. So please get checked to be sure. There are other infections can cause redness and itchiness in vaginal area. The best.
1593503	Thin white odorless discharge no itching or burning mild lower abdomen cramps/pressure missed period (8 days) negative hCG test what's going on?	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
996219	During laparoscopy knee surgery doctor 'cleaned up' chondromalacia, what does that mean?	chondroplasty Cleaning up chondromalacia means that the uneven loose cartilage on the surface of the bone was likely shaved or 'cleaned up'. ..Such as mowing your grass or buzz cutting your hair.
1533508	Slightly swollen, irritated eyelid? A little bit sore, itchy, droopy, and red. What might this be?	Eyelid dermatitis Without examining, contact dermatitis is likely cause if only external eyelid involved. It may be something you are touching and rubbing your face. Other causes of irritation would need to be ruled out including infection, allergic conjunctivitis or other causes. Recommend seeing physician.
359864	My period is 23 days late. I had sex 2 days before the expected start date and missed the last 2 birth control pillsin pack. I have all the symptoms, but have negative serum hcg. Could i be possibly pregnant still?	Probably not Unless your serum pregnancy test was done way too early, you are not pregnant based on it being negative. If you are still in doubt, repeat urine pregnancy in 2 weeks. If negative, go back to your routine, however, make sure if you wait 2 weeks until the next pregnancy test, you use an alternative reliable method of contraception, such as abstinence or condoms.
359862	1 month recovering from microlumbar disectomy, l4/l5, l5/s1. Back pain relieved but numbness/tingling/pressure in right knee persists. Possibilities?	Neuropathic pain You may still have irritation of the nerve root but it is also possible that you have injury to a peripheral nerve innervating the knee. This possibility would be most likely if you had diabetes or the original injury involved trauma to your knee.
36772	What should I do if my total knee replacement of 2 1/2 years begins to make "clicking " & "popping " sounds ?	If painful get seen Non painful clicking and popping sounds are not worrisome. It can be common to hear clicks. If you are having pain with these sounds call your surgeon and get a checkup. Scar tissue can develop and be the cause of the pain. Arthroscopy to improve the symptoms by trimming out the scar tissue is possible and this is an outpatient procedure with two small incisions.
324797	After salmonella can I have post infectious IBS , its been almost 4 months. Blood test, stool test , ultrasounds. All came normal?	Maybe What are your symptoms? Are you still having diarrhea, stomach ache or cramping?
1401706	I am 4 days late on my period, have breast tenderness, usually very regular menstrual, but hpt says not pregnant.. what could be going on?	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycles are one cause. You may wish to repeat the pregnancy test in 3-4 days. If you miss more that two periods, please see your doctor. You may consult this site for more info. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/pages/causes.aspx
1219205	My sister has a very bad fishy smell from her vagina, she's had it for awhile, and no matter how much she washes it, the smell is still there?	How old is your sis How old is your sister. She needs to go to see her doctor to be examined. Bacterial vaginosis, or perhaps other type of inflammation/ infection should be ruled out.
91489	Can you clarify what knee cap dislocation really is?	Physically displaced It is a condition in which the knee cap bone is pactually move out of the groove in the thigh bone(femur) it is often due to a trauma, canberra very painful, and needs tobe but back in place. You need to see a physician, probably an orthopedist. Small fratues can occur with this condition.
169919	Before and after my gallbladder removal my bile duct has been dilated even still a year later, this causes a lot of pain, will this go away itself?	Two causes First a retained stone. Or biliary dyskinesia a condition in which the exit muscle at the tip of the bile duct becomes abnormal and causes obstruction. Both are luckily easily managed with ERCP and stents.
393384	I have this big red spot on my penis head, you can tell the texture is different on it, its normal temp with lines in it? Saturday night i had oral sex with my girl for the first time ever, we have never had sexual contact with anyone in our lives until e	Very Very difficult to answer without a clinical examination. It could be psoriasis (common to occur a few days after sex due to the friction/irritation), eczema, or dermatitis, or other possibilities. I would recommend you see a dermatologist for proper diagnosis and treatment options. Read more about psoriasis below. I hope that helps.
1383818	How long do I have to wait before I get tested for chlamydia, gonnorhea, and syphilis?	STD Testing It differs. For syphilis the test would not be valid until about six weeks after exposure. Gonorrhea and Chlamydia testing should or could be done within the first week after exposure.
383439	What is a normal temperature when taken under the arm for an adult? The person is suffering from upset stomach, burning when when peeing, headache, cough, stuffed up nose, chest congestion, temp under arm is 101.5 but when taken by mouth it ranged from 10	Similar Similar to taking a temperature in a child, you add a degree to the axillary (armpit) temperature in an adult. An "average" body temperature is 98.6 degrees f and anything over 100.5 degrees f is considered a fever. (you can get your body temperature up to 100f by being in hot weather or exercising). You may get slightly different readings since body temperature can fluctuate. When possible, we usually recommend the under-the-tongue temperature with a closed mouth for an older child or adult since this is one of the most accurate ways to assess body temperature.
912949	Hi im anthony im 16 years old and im having chest pains on the left side of my breast near arm pit. Also suffer from anxiety. What could it be?	Your age? Anthony, you say you're 16 but your profile says 40. It's important because coronary disease is 99.9% unlikely in a 16 yo but could be as much as 30% in someone 40 depending on other risk factors and the details of your pain.
554941	I just had a stent put in by my common bile duct, is it normal to have a tender feeling where my gallbladder is?	Yes I do not know why you had a biliary stent placed, but it is usually for some type of bile duct blockage. Upper abdominal discomfort and yellow jaundice would be very common, and would gradually resolve over a few days after the stent is placed.
249096	I have swollen lymph nodes in the neck one under left of chin and one in back of head right side don't have any symptoms had them for about 3 months?	Go see a doctor Go see a doctor about enlarged lymph nodes for more than 2 or 3 weeks.
1525265	Will there be swelling after a few months after a loose body removal knee arthroscopic surgery? I played basketball and my knee swelled a bit.	Yes unfortunately a joint on which a procedure has been done will frequently swell on occasion for some time.
1486113	Can chlamydia and gonorrhea show their symptoms after 6 months of possible exposure?	Yes Both of those infections can be silent for extended periods of time.
1078335	3 months ago, i twisted my knee 2 times.Now after 3 months, my MRI show mild joint effusion.I want to know how much time it will take to heal?	Hard to say Many factors determine recovery.
628122	I have a very sore little toe on my left foot. Its very red, sensitive to touch, itchy and rather swollen. I am unsure as to what it is?	Sore toe You need to see your podiatrist as this sounds like infection. Don't delay - you will be glad you made an appointment ! good luck.
749136	Have what looks like swollen welts. 1 on r elbow+1 on butt. Look red in center & white on outside? Looks swollen and are very painful & worsening.	Welts There are a number of skin conditions that can have painful welts. Two common ones are insect bites/stings and bacterial infection (furunculosis, abscess). Because this is worsening, it is more likely that this is infection. This needs to be seen as soon as possible so that proper treatment can be given.
6736180	My son of 13 yrs had bad throat infection. Now he's been tasting blood in throat. Main symptom bad ear pain for months. Terrible pressure in ears when bends down.  ENT not found any prob with ears few months ago. MRI shows possible chiari malformation, no	Throat/ears Often throat pain or infection can be referred to his ears. Have him examined and checked for tonsillitis or a throat infection. Sometimes the adenoids in the back of the nasal passages can also be infected and cause ear pain. All the best.
1332040	Radiologist or Gyn question: During a digital mammogram, can a radiologist see Seborrheic Keratosis on the breasts? I have 3 large and 3 small. Will she know what they are or mark them as suspicious?	Possibly Some mammography facilities will mark skin lesions with a metallic "bb" marker so that on the mammogram the radiologist will know that the area(s) marked correspond to skin lesions.
1226605	I have had neck pain on left and right side with slight ear pain that comes and goes sore throat that comes and goes what could this be?	Pharyngitis Most times, acute pharyngitis (infection of the back of the throat) are caused by viruses or bacteria. Symptoms of these infections include, but are not limited to: 1) sore throat, 2) runny nose, 3) cough, 4) sinus pressure, 5) otalgia (ear pain), 6) fever, 7) fatigue, 8) neck discomfort. Best to give it time and push the fluids! if not improving then you need to see a medical provider!
6636517	My tonsils are swollen and hurt like i have a needle in my throat. I saw a yellow thing coming out from one of the holes in my tonsil. What can it be?	Yuk!! See A Doctor!! Did it move??... Well, whether or not it did, you should get it checked-out by a doctor. It could be something stuck in there from something you ate (most commonly a teeny little fish bone) or maybe it was a small amount of pus from an infection. Use your imagination for whatever else it could be-- but it should be evaluated in-person, especially since it hurts and isn't going away.
562042	I have no energy, pain/burning in back, blood in urine, fever and night sweats. Is this a kidney infection?	It may be You need to see a doctor to determine if you have a kidney infection. If you have no other cause of the fever i would be concerned that you do have a kidney infection. If you do not have a kidney infection there still may be something going on with your kidneys (like a glomerulonephritis-inflammation of your kidneys) to cause the blood in your urine.
6626872	How do you distinguish if sneezing is from allergies or from common cold? mainly sneezing, no cough, itchy throat and nose, sinus pressure, congested	Allergies All of the symptoms you describe sound allergic. If you develop a cough with mucus, a sore throat, and/or a low grade fever - that would be more like a cold. The best way to distinguish would be to see an ENT physician - the appearance inside the nose of an allergic patient is very unique.
1251102	My beta hCG after 5weeks is 361.What does this mean? Doc told no promising pregnancy. No gestation sac found in scan.	Wait and see. A gestational sac is usually found by 5 weeks, but if your dates are just a few days off, it might not be. Hard to know much from the HCG except that you're early pregnant. A repeat ultrasound in 1 week will tell you if this is a good pregnancy or not.
333867	I had unprotected sex and now I have 3 red dots on head of my penis and a itchy red rash around the shaft and base of my penis is this a std?	STD? maybe? Does your partner have any lesion / discharge? This is not something you want to ignore. You should see your md asap for a proper exam of your lesion. The correct diagnosis maybe something simple as allergic contact dermatitis not related to sexual activity, or an infection by an organism known for "impersonating" other illnesses(syphilis). This would require antibiotics. See you md to be safe.
575613	Immediatly eye itchy and swollen, scratchy throat ad stuffy nose after taking dicyclomine 20mg? Could this be allergic rx	Yes Typical allergic reaction. Stop taking it and alert your doctor.
1479403	Am due 4 my period on 17th bt av bin havin back pain,tender breasts,white discharge n cramps since monday bt i took postenor 2 on d 1st.whats d cause?	Consider being pregn You may have a vaginal infection or you may be pregnant which is more likely. If you have access to pregnancy tests you should do one now in a week. no matter how it turns out you need to see a health care professional.
1237448	Fluid on lungs after gb surgery.Has dementia and cannot walk around much or cough up phlegm. What is the treatment and outlook? Still in hospital.	Depends on location The fluid could be "around the lungs" also known as pleural effusions. If this is the case then possible thoracentesis if large. Sometimes diuretics may help. If fluid "in the lungs" this could be congestive failure. This would require an echo and again diuretics. Pneumonia is possible if elevated white cell count or aspiration during procedure. This is treated with antibiotics.
1318108	Please help.i am traumatized.my face has severe acne marks.how to get rid of them naturally?	Acne marks Try using virgin coconut oil, but it may be several weeks before you see results
1514377	I keep getting pins and needles in hands and feet. I recently woke up and my left arm was numb it really frightened me ?	Pins and needles given your youthful age (listed as 26) doubt that its something serious. Sounds like a nerve is being compressed- sort of like what happens when your foot goes to sleep or you hit your "funny bone" It may be related to positioning while sleeping. Good luck
1198331	Should follow up breast ultrasounds after benign biopsy be done at the same facility for consistency purposes?	Follow up All things being equal, yes. However, if you wish to go to a new facility, it is not a big deal, just bring your old images, or have them sent, to the new place.
1050637	I noticed when i squat my knee joints make a weird cracking noise . It doesn't hurt it sounds like i'm cracking my knuckles. I strech almost daily.	Keep an eye on it Crackling or popping knees are not a cause for concern unless they are painful, associated with locking, swelling or is secondary to an injury. There are various benign conditions that can cause this including an enlarged fat pad or a plica band. If you develop other symptoms, then i would recommend seeing an orthopedist.
1288703	I've had a headache for over 2 weeks & sharp pain in my carotid arteries & weakness/numbness in my left arm/hand. Could i be at risk of a stroke?	Yes you can Yes you can. See a doctor today. Never ignore severe or prolonged headaches.
1462910	I have CBC test where monocytes are high, liver enzymes ALT high; also EBV IgG positive, CMV IgG positive CMV IgM normal.. Hiv negative at 32 weeks.	See below All laboratory results need to be interpreted in the clinical context and the doctor who ordered the tests is usually in the best position to do that. Having said that, it would help to have the actual values of the results. The one item of interest is high ALT. If you drink alcohol, stop entirely for three months and redo the test. Other results are okay.
1027569	Sometimes feel something moving inside of back head / neck and hear like a gerggly  sound at the same time  what is this from? Also daily headaches	Crepitus The "gerggly" sounds coming from the neck are likely crepitus--created when two rough surfaces in the body come into contactfor example, in osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis when the cartilage around joints has eroded away and the joint ends grind against one another. It can result from trauma or repetitive stress/sleeping position. With headaches, can be problematic. Seek referral w/ pcp.
888756	I have a red patch that started behind my leg on upper part of calf.  Now it has moved to my lower back.  It is now raised and itchy.  What could it b?	Dermatitis Could be seborrhea, psoriasis, tinea or a bacterial infection (although unlikely). A photo and more of a story is most helpful when diagnosing rashes.
1027564	Do I still have to worry for my chest pain even if I have normal 2deho Jan 2013, ecg, treadmill stress test I'm always thinking of heart attack/stroke?	Not acutely At your age, female sex and lack of other risk factors, the acute risk is lower. It is supposed that a persons diet at age under 10 is a risk in the future for atherosclerosis. Do take care of that cholesterol now, with diet, exercise, and medication if needed to avoid future problem. The chest pains, unlikely heart attack for now but i sense anxiety. Relax and enjoy a healthy happy habit and life.
1082796	One tonsil hurts while the other is swollen. I have a dry throat as well. Allergies?	Infection rather, which could viral, salt water gargles would help for now, if no improvement see your doctor, you might need an antibiotic
1603031	Why does caffeine put me to sleep, but alcohol makes my heart race at a resting rate of 135-150 BPM (and not from dehydration)?	Autonomic n.s. Alcohol is a sympathetic stimulant which can increase heart rate. But your recorded response is abnormaly high and suggests autonomic nervous system imbalance. At your age ... many medical conditions could be considered (i.e. hyperthyroidism, inappropriate sinus tachycardia, and more) ... but the overall suggestion is that the autonomic n.s. is abnormal. This could explain your caffeine also.
6784370	Unbearable burning sharp pain right rib cage/ middle upper abdomen, stinky burps, bloating and gas, swollen ankles, diarrhea 3 weeks. No Gull bladder ?	See your physician With all your symptoms you should see your physician for a complete exam. Don't waste your time on self diagnosing on the internet, it will just be confusing.
612479	What would red spot be on arm. Not raised in any way, doesn't hurt or itch. About 1/4 inch round had it for at least a year?	See your doctor It is really hard to diagnose a rash without seeing it. I would recommend discussing it with your physician at your next visit.
6716280	My breasts are sore and im constipated. Am i pregnant ? I had my period may 15 and we did the thing april 28. I cant vomit my acidic reflux any tips ?	Possibly Go ahead and take a home pregnancy test now. Take care.
1230871	I have a fractured finger and my doctor used the method of taping it with the finger next to it with tape, can that cut the circulation of blood to it?	Appropriate therapy 'buddy taping' a broken finger to a normal finger is an acceptable form of treatment. Care must be taken not to apply tape too tightly, otherwise it is possible to cut off the blood supply. A simple evaluation of the fingers taped will tell you if there is a problem or not. If the finger(s) appear discolored, are painful or swollen, take the tape off and re-apply more loosely.
6611932	IGG test came back + for HSV1.I've been having itching on labia majora before my period every month,but no sores. Could this be from genital herpes?	HSV1 is not Consistent with genital herpes. The only way to positively diagnose either is with culture. Would recommend seeing your doc for this important skin test.
1358719	My ears have been popping lately. The past 2 days one side of my throat feels swollen when I swallow. What could this be? It also hurts when I swallow	Eustachian tube Might be swollen throat tissue in upper throat, where the eustachian tube opens. Ask your doctor about using neosynephrine nose drops in the blocked side so that they sort of go to the ear through the nose. Ask your doctor about using Clear.ease lozenges - to reduce swelling in that area. see www.hydromedonline.com
1309571	My vagina itches and is kind of painful and my clit stings, it hurts to have sex haven't noticed much discharge. I started my period. Yeast infection?	Possible But it would be wise to get checked. Please see a doctor.
1489613	I have a yeast infection but, no itching or burning just heavy thick discharge can I still use OTC products to clear the discharge?	Yes Sure - give it a try. As long as you're not having other symptoms like fever, difficulty urinating, burning when urinating, and there is not concern for an alternative diagnosis (like a sexually transmitted illness). But most women know a yeast infection - so OTC is ok.
1472198	Herpes simplex w/o complications my boyfriends doc says only oral how do I know for sure I don't want it, internet say could be oral or genital ?	See below It really dos not matter as the oral or genital can cause issues in the oral or genital areas. So if he has a HSV-1 and you have oral sex it can give you a genital problem. To avoid oral issues avoid kissing when he has an active lesion. For the other I would just avoid oral sex with anyone with a history of oral herpes, although if they are healed over it might not be an issue.
372064	I have severe knee pain in my left knee im in need of some ideas, on what could be wrong and some solutions. I have had an X-ray and MRI and they both were normal so my primary isnt worried, but I am heres my symptoms, locks, sensitive to touch, can't lev	Torn meniscus The catching and locking very frequently indicates that something is going on inside the knee. In rare circumstances, an MRI may not show a meniscus tear, especially if it was a low strength magnet. I would start by having a different radiologist look at the mri. If still read as negative, an MRI with intra-articular contrast would be my next recommendation.
6789261	Ok to take 3g Sachet Amoxicillin for Dental Scale Polish required, while taking course of Clenil 100mg (4wks)4 puff 2x day
reduced to 2 puffs x2 day?	Check with MD Your prescribing medical doctor should be the one reducing or changing Cleril.
1451239	I have slow rising hCG 70% in 2 days and my US at 6 weeks showed empty uterus and 3.7 mm endometrium. I bled for a day at 5 weeks. Miscarried?	Not yet... ...able to tell. 70% rise in 2 days is normal, but it would be more reassuring to have seen a fetus at your ultrasound. The ultrasound should be repeated in about 1 week.
6789264	Breast feeding 8wk old. I'm having major sinus. Sore throat, cough, sneezing, runny & stopped up nose. What can I take while BF?	Remedies Tips: Sore throat  gargle with warm salt water (1/2 tsp salt in 8 oz of water). Get strep test/culture if very sore. Congestion  saline nose drops or netti pot. For anti-inflammatory effect & mobilizing mucus- homemade chicken noodle soup. Hydrate- lots of water/clear broth/ add honey & a small amt. of lemon juice to Chamomile tea. Fever/ pain  acetaminophen / Rest!!
262754	My boyfiend has a spot on his head that is a scab that is causin hair loss and pain to the touch.. One spot I have tried aquafor cream no help...?	Infection It sounds like he has a common fungal infection of the scalp called tinea capitis. He should see his doctor for testing and a prescription.
1368526	What to do if I have a small breast, how can I make it larger without implant, surgery, and medicines?	Breast size You can build up chest muscles w exercise & weight lifting but it will not ^ the amt. of fatty tissue.
1440004	I'm 31 years old and had my Mirena removed on April 27th. We've been trying to get pregnant. How long does it take for my body to get back to normal?	Quick Technically you can implant a fertilized egg right away, but it usually takes a few cycles to get back to normal.
392380	I have, sore in middle upper abdomen to the right side under my rib cage, always wake at night and sweat of pain. Been feeling this but worse before they took out my gall bladder in 2008, before the surgery all test came out normal and now 70 % of the sym	SOD Sphincter of oddi dysfunction. That is the muscle controls the duct which empties bile from the liver into the intestine. If the gallbladder was removed for biliary dyskinesia, dysfunction of gallbladder, and it is not resolved than that is likely what you have. See a gastroenterologist for treatment.
1219783	Spotting after a light 8 day period(that came early) sore breast for a week, tubal ligation almost 5 yrs ago...Pregnacy test said neg.Whats going on?	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
6656944	Is it possible to have a stomach flu without vomiting or diarrhea? just severe nausea.	Yes it is possible.. .but you should have it looked into to see if it's esophageal reflux as well.
1550722	What are the reasons for toenail groove to be painful post 1 year surgery no signs of regrowth phenol applied no callus just sore groove why is this?	Chronic infection or inflammation. You should get a second podiatry evaluation and opinion.
1391342	Leg was in contact with moss on a rock for 2 hours. Noticed small, red, itchy, puss filled pimple where leg was in contact with moss. Should I worry?	Depends. If the red spot gets bigger or starts become painful, yes. This could mean your developing a skin infection called cellulitis. Keep an eye on it.
6640608	Mri says I have small disc protrusion l4/l5, if I keep exercising could this cause a herniaions?Am I more at risk now then someone without protrusion?	A disc protrusion... IS a herniaions. Presumably you didn't just wander into an Mri facility one day and made an impulse purchase. Please repost your question with an explanation of why you had an Mri in the first place.
6727107	I asked questions before my symptoms  are bad headaches,  joint pain knees elbows wrist.  Knee popping joint pain is mild?	See details Your symptoms are not specific so there are numerous pissible causes. See a rheumatologist.
610292	Recently i just go do hiv/std blood test after 3 week exposure and negative on HIV positive chlamydia! what is that/can be cure? Drawing me crazy....	Chlmydia This is readily treated with antibiotics but if left untreated can cause irreversible damage.
1412030	Small hard lump on elbow that does not move. Is apparent when elbow is bent, not felt when arm is straightened. Causes pain. ?	Bursitis? You possibly have the inflammation of Olecranon bursa also called Olecranon Bursitis, which seemed to be chronic in your case, try not to lean on your elbows, protecting your elbows during sports activities with elbow pads, See your provider for an Xray and possible Anti inflammatory medications.
323269	17 months old who is vomiting and diarrhea which is green.  He will not drink any liquids at all.?	Try.... Try a spoon of something like pedialyte every 10 minutes for 2 hrs. Then increase to a tablespoon every 2 hrs and move up from there. No milk or sollids for this period. If your child has not urinated recently or is acting very sluggish or lethargic, call your pediatrician asap.
1195232	Im having bad pain in my right femur bone/thigh. Going from standing to sitting down hurts the worst, and no physical injury to the leg?	Need Evaluation Could be almost anything. Infection, blood clot in the veins, bone or muscle tumors, pinched nerve. You need to be seen by a physician and properly evaluated.
6769617	I had an EKG done today after having some heart palpitations & all that come about was RSR in V1, can this explain dizziness & heart flutters?	No an ECG is a static test and so as it has been read is normal. RSr likely refers to incomplete RBBB (normal variant in 15% of adult population). If u r dizzy and/ or palpiations, the yield on plain ECG is only good if u had ur sxs at that time. A normal resting ECG bodes well for u, but u need an even monitor or a holter monitor to evaluate for arrhythmia, if any. See a cardiologist.
279512	I am 33 weeks pregnant. Is it normal to have a lot of clear discharge a day or two after starting Monistat 3 for a yeast infection?	Common Not normal, but common.
6768638	Two bumps below my one ear sensitive to pressure, hurt very slightly after touching & moving head to sides. No cold or tooth pain.Should see a doctor?	Yes Could be infected lymph nodes, cysts, boils, or other problems. You need to be examined. See your Physician.
6768637	Is the herpes simplex virus contracted from the first unprotected sexual encounter?	Yes can get it in the first encounter in unprotected sex , once get infected will never leave the body , see your doctor some drugs like famclovir may help you
855450	Swollen left gland and sore heads that come and go over 6 months sometimes have a sore throat and ear. What could this be?	Tonsils or Ears It sounds like you could be having a bit of chronic or recurring tonsillitis. You could also have chronic serous otitis which is fluid/infection built up behind your eardrum. Either way you need a doctor shining a light in your throat and ears with a thorough history taken of your symptoms...Along with a lengthy questioning about possible environmental allergy exposure.
6772484	2 possible ulcers one might be bleeding heartburn nausea vomiting bloating extreme abdominal pain gagging black stools chest and back pain dizziness	See doctor What you described is serious enough to warrant seeing a doctor, preferably a GI specialist.
557566	I'm on 5mg Valium 3x per day for anxiety. I had a panic attack today and had 2 Valium + a xanax. Now i can't sleep - would having another 10mg be okay?	No You may want to contact your doctor to know what next to do. You should not be taking valium and xanax together as you risk overdosing on benzodiazepine which could be fatal. Maybe a reassessment of your condition is needed. Best of luck.
1036373	If you have an eye infection caused from chlamydia or gonorrhea. Is there any chance you could have gotten it from some other way and not sexually?	unlikely Sexual transmission is the most common way by far for these infections, but any transfer of organisms from an infected person to another is possible by the fingers or innocent contact with a deposit of an infected person on an inert surface. These are all unlikely and the sexual transmission is the most probable cause for a given case. Of course a newborn can get it during birth.
6693021	Last period start date was March 21 2015. So far had nausea, slighttenderness in breasts, headaches, weight gain, bloating,  tiredness, mild cramping ?	Pregnancy test If you are having these symptoms take a pregnancy test. These test are most reliable one week after a missed period in the first morning urine. Also if you are possibly pregnant please start a prenatal vitamin. This can protect your baby from neural tube defects a type of birth defect.
1576756	Can L-carotid artery hypoplasia cause temporary R-eye blindness? CTA, CT, MRI show only L-side abnormalities and a 3mm aneurysm	No VASCULAR problems causing R blindness would be due to R carotid. The artery to the eye is fed by the same side carotid artery, therefore temporary R eye issues could be related to R carotid or possibly another reason. The reasoning behind your question is that the left side of the brain controls your right side in terms of motor/sensory NEURONS.
570643	About a week ago i notice red pimple like bumps all over my chest, waist line, shoulder and neck. The itching is mild and some of them are scaly red cir?	Skin If you started a new medication this could be a reaction. If so contact you doctor about the condition. If not you should drop a dermatologist so they can have a look before you start treating. Treatment would typically involve an ointment with steroid once a diagnosis can be made. In the short term there are several over the counter treatments for itching like cortisone.
1376705	My ear feels like an itchy pain deep inside and also my upper throat . Allergies been bad. Meds not working. Allergies cause this type of discomfort?	Possibly If you have tried over the counter medicines with no relief (such as antihistamines), then consider seeing a doctor. There are prescription medicines available that may help to treat your allergies.
597141	My daughter recently got a rash, they look like little red bumps but real close together. They are all up her arm and down her torso to hip one side.	Many possibilities Rashes are quite difficult to sort out without an exam.This could be something simple like a reaction to something that touched the skin or the result of a viral infection. If it is bothersome or persistent i would have your pcp look at it.
1483068	Lots of warm, foul smelling gas (above normal), constant bloating, intestinal rumbling, and lack of appetite. No fever, no blood in stool, no chills.	Gas, bloatig This is not normal and there a many possibilities of the cause of the illness. Time to call your doctor and get a physical examination to determine what is wrong.
797975	Cam diphenhyrdramine HCl 25 mg antihistamine give a false positive urine analysis?	It should not This would not cause a false positive.
6758556	What are the common small fiber neuropathy symptoms?	See details Numbness, paresthesias (pins and needles) and/or weakness.
1163645	Have a small red lump on the inner lip of my vagina. Only feels sore if touched. Am a virgin no sexual activity of any kind. On my period. What is it?	Cyst If you've never had sexual relations, the most common thing would be a sebaceous cyst. Best is to get it looked at however, as a picture is worth 1000 words.
1163646	Swelling in my fingers in morning, gurgling in chest, fatigue. Ekg, blood work, doc listened to lungs and heart all was fine.Could this be heart failure?	Gurgling in chest Failure of esophageal sphincter or esophageal dysmotility could cause gugling sounds in the chest. Swelling of fingers could be sclerodactyly. Therse featutres we could see in crest syndrome. Your physician could consider this indifferential diagnosis. There are other reasons too.
6703966	I hit my foot in March&hurt my big toe Its been swollen&I can't bend it since then should I see my doctor?Or go to urgent care?Could it be dislocated?	Yes Any of those options are good. You need to have it looked at and get an X-ray at the very least. Get well soon!
754908	Had breast biopsy 2 months ago that was benign lactational changes. I feel like i can feel a tiny lump there now --can this be the clip they put in?	No You already has biopsy 2 months ago, don't worry and go for follow up visit. You can not feel the clip which was placed as a reference point to identify sit of biopsy site and is harmless.
6722884	Can drinking with empty stomach for whole night cause nausea and diarrhea and abdominal pain for a few days ? I have this problem right now .	GASTRITIS Yes excess alcohol intake can cause gastritis or inflammation of the stomach. You need to start Zantac to decrease acid production to heal the stomach. Also discuss with your doctor help with tapering alcohol use. If bleeding or vomiting blood develops seek prompt attention.
6722887	In my left ear when I talk louder than normal.it sound kinda like a blown speaker,also muffled. I have had recently been hearing high pitch noise/ring?	May be ear damage or something as simple as needing the wax removed from your ears. Please see your doc. Peace and good health.
586364	Sore throat  3  days ago. Now pus pocket rt side throat white tongue dry cough very painful to swallow low fever 1st day but not since rt node sensitv?	Possible strep throa Maybe you have strep throat. If so very contagious. Should see md for throat culture. Amoxicillin.
994529	I have hpv. It's been a yr since my last normal pap.I'm noticing new genital warts. Had this for 6 yrs. What are the chances I have cervical cancer?	Close to zero As there are over 100 types of hpv virus and the strains that cause cervical dysplasia (precancer) and cancer may not necessarily be the same as those that cause genital warts, and since your previous paps were normal, you are fine to continue with routine recommended screening. You can see your gyn to get the latest batch of warts removed.
1569017	My knee makes a popping noise when walking hurts to do squats was ready to tackle someone then twisted it and made pop noise what's wrong with my knee?	Exam needed A twisting injury with a "pop" may signal a significant injury, possibly a torn ligament. You will need a doctor's examination to sort this out.
386426	What could cause my knee to have so much pain? My knee keeps giving out and locks up. Its shooting pains up my thigh and into my calf. Its very swollen and it even hurts to walk.	Several Several things can be causing your problem. The most common factors include a meniscal tear, loose bodies in your knee, flaps of cartilage impinging on motion and even pathologic plicas. Your condition is likely surgical based on your description of problems.
1594447	Night sweats and sore throat. Doc said viral. Its been three weeks. No feaver or a lot of coughing. Only hurts when I try to swallow. ?	Revisit Time to go back for another appointment as most viral infections are improved after 3 weeks. May not even be an infection at all, rather asthma or allergies or heartburn are possibilities.
6779079	Moderate itching and swelling on the labia minora.Was diagnosed w/bacterial vaginosis.Day 2 on antibiotics and it still itches and is swollen. Relief?	Tips This is a good article describing some simple home remedies for relief of vaginal itching. Some of them may sound weird to you - like applying yogurt TO the vagina (not eating it) but it's all based on the science of balance between good germs/bad germs. Make sure your family notifies your MD as you may also need some oral medication for yeast treatment. http://www.simple-remedies.com/womens-health/home-remedies-for-vaginal-itching.html
1467443	What does it mean if CBC consistently shows low RBC but normal hematocrit and hemoglobin?	Not much If blood contains normal amount of hemoglobin, it will carry oxygen to tissues and CO2 to lungs normally. If red cells are a little larger than normal, number of red cells ("RBC") could be slightly low. You could have macrocytosis (large cells) without disease, but might want MD to rule out some causes of it (low B12, low thyroid, increased reticulocytes, and others) just to be sure.
873991	Burning hot from the breast up, freazing cold from belly button down. Is this a normal fever?	Unknown A fever is determined by body temperature (equal to or greater than 100. 4 f). Without knowledge of this is is not possible to call the symptoms consistent with a fever.
1422316	I just got rid of what I thought to be a yeast infection last week.Now I am very itchy and and red down there also the labia minor has red spots.help?	Could still be yeast Do not apply Hydrocortisone for any type of Infection. How did you get rid of Yeast Infection? May be it did not get cured. OTC Vaginal cream Monistat1, 3, 7 are available. You can use it for 1,3 or 7 days. If you already used it and you need to be examined by the Physician for proper Diagnosis. May be Red spot is due to your nails scratching.
1456866	Feel nausea, dizzy, like im going to faint what can this be?	Many possibilities Many things can cause this sensation. Could be an irregular heart rhythm, dehydration, the flu, a medication you are on, stress, etc. Lie down and rest with your feet elevated on a pillow so they are higher than your heart. Try to drink some water. If you don't feel better in 15-20 minutes or if you get worse, go to Emergency room to be checked. Good luck!
506471	I have breast ca stage 3 and done with my chemo theraphy and radiation but still have 4 sessions of herceptin . Can i go back to work now ? Im a factory worker and my job requires me to stand  8 hrs and sometimes carry heavy things can my body still toler	Breast cancer My advice in these situations is to take it slow. Work with your oncologist and your work supervisors to reintegrate the workplace at a steady pace, starting slow and taking breaks when you need them. Take cues from your body. Congratulations on being almost done with your treatment.
1441203	Four weeks pregnant light bleeding that stopped still positive on home pregnancy tests hCG level on Tuesday was 24 and Thursday was 23. Any hope?	Hcg levels It really shouldn't go down. However, if the tests were done at 2 different labs you can't compare the two being a couple days apart. I would repeat the level in about a week. Might be a good idea to check a progesterone level as well as very low levels are associated with miscarriage or tubal pregnancy.
1360498	Doc says tonsillitis, rehinitis. Std/hiv/strep/mono neg. antibotics/steriods/post nasal/allergy meds not help. Going on 3 months. Remove tonsils? Help	Tonsillectomy Tonsils can be a burden of disease for many, and if other aspects have been ruled out as in u'r situation I would suggest seeing an ENT=Ear Nose Throat Specialist.
6793114	HAD ITCH ON MY ARM, SCRATCHED IT NOT HARD AND IT BROKE MY SKIN. MY FOREARM AND UPPER ARM LOOK LIKE FREDDY KREUGER SCRATCHED ME. ANY IDEAS? TY	FK Disease Edmond, you really need to get a Concierge consult where you can show this to someone via video and give more history. One of us could make guesses (Freddy Kreuger's syndrome?), but they would only be that---guesses. Take care of yourself, please! Good luck. Having said that, I do have one guess. IF the itch was from VERY RECENT poison ivy, you could yourself have spread the toxin with nails
6612111	I had a cold a few days ago now i think its turned into a sinus infection. I have a congested/runny nose pressure around the eyes pain behind the eyes?	Evaluation See your doctor for evaluation and treatment it could be sinus infection.
583841	Does a breast cyst always need a needle biopsy  radiology doc just suggest to do a follow up u/s and mamm in 6 months to make sure cyst has not grown?	Breast cysts Breast cysts are benign masses in the breast that soetimes cause pain and can cause concern because they feel like a solid mass. They can be easily managed by needle aspiration but if they are not causing pain or discomfort this is not neccesary. They can be followed by ultrasound if you prefer not to aspirate them.
6669688	Light period and brown discharge in place of period. I'm not pregnant or sexually active?	Need more info This is a sign of several problems from infection or hormonal imbalance or ovarian problem. You should consult with your OB/GYN to find out the source of your complaint.
796597	Brain MRI & blood test normal. Headache for months won't go away. Neck muscles tight & tight lump rhs base of skull. Been told this is all from stress?	Second opinion Is a good idea, at least for the MRI scan. An MRI can be submitted to conciergeradiologist.Com in the next month for reevaluation. This would at least eliminate imaging findings from consideration.
124340	What to expect when going for a fine needle aspiration biopsy of the breast?	Don't stress Fine needle biopsy of breast is very tolerable and is done often without local anesthetic. A small gauge needle is placed into a nodule and material is removed. It takes about 5 seconds. Studies have shown the most critical factor in fna reliability is the training and experience of the operator. Ideally, the operator can use a microscope to check the sample for adequacy.
349364	2 days a milky brown and light blood diacharge hpt neg breast tenderness headaches tiredness no periox for 2 months cramps backache i don't know....?	See your doctor This is difficult to assess without being evaluated in person. I highly recommend you see your gynecologist or primary care physician for a full evaluation.
1436278	MRI of knee shows "Oblique tear posterior horn medial meniscus, lateral patellar plica and minimal synovial knee effusion" will I need surgery? or ?	Most likely most likely yes but it could be a simple surgery done by a scope to repair the tear of course go and see a bone doctor or knee specialist can help you good luck
1446074	On BC. Lost virginity 3 days ago. Breast tenderness, lower abdominal pain, pain behind ribs. Got diagnosed with UTI today. No burning in pee. Preggo?	Unlikely If you are using your birth control right, pregnancy is unlikely. A urinary tract infection IS likely. It is so common there is even a name for it- honeymoon cystitis. To lessen the risk it is a good idea to urinate after intercourse.
1601308	Temp 102 , sore throat, aches, chills and fatigue. Started yesterday with sore throat and cough. I feel like it's the flu but test was neg. what is it?	A false neg test! Sometimes, the test kit is inaccurate, despite a "duck looking, squawking and smelling like a duck". Testing for the flu using "rapid" methods, can be notoriously inaccurate- 40% or more samples from pts that actually have flu, can have "negative" test results. Otherwise, depending on your situation, other viral infections such as HIV, are possible.
1028869	Im vaginally bleeding and cramping 4 days after taking azthromycin for chlamydia...What could be the cause very scared?	Need date Of last mentrual period.
1028314	How do you diagnose a mastoid infection in head and bones , pit gland, hypothalmus, eye's and ears.Which scan is the most diagnostic? And blood tests?	Mastoid infection Hello, you have had many imaging studies including MRI and a ct scan of your head. I didn't see any report of fluid in your mastoid portion of your temporal bones so i wouldn't suspect this infection is present. An acute mastoid infection would also most likely be accompanied with an acute middle ear infection. Looking at your history, i would suspect that you may benefit from a psych doctor.
1151646	Fell out of bed last night landed on the extensiom lead my hand is bruised and swollen should I get an xray quite sore?	Yes Yes.
894545	Last time son had a CT and i was told he has an appendix stone, CT report says calcific debris, dr said it was nothing to worry about is that true?	Appendix stone Stone should be watched because it can eventually lead to an appendicitis even better would be to remove the appendix since it doesnt seem to serve a purpose anyway.
1286705	Im 20 weeks pregnant and haveva really bad cold my ears feel itchy so does my throat, this morning i got a dizzy spell that woke me up from my sleep?	Question is? I'm not sure exactly what your concern is. Are you afraid symptoms might jeopardize pregnancy? I doubt it, but if dizzy spell continues, please check with ob/gyn.
1528575	I had BV, then yeast infection, was prescribed gel, then pill. I still have mucus discharge with blood. Doctor says infection is gone. Is it normal?	Quite possibly The infections may be gone but their effects could still be lingering, so that there may well be some persisting discharge until everything fully recovers.
392296	Could I have damage to my knee? I was a dancer for 12 years. And now when i lift my leg up or put pressure on my knee it dislocates. I have had xrays done, however nothing was found. Sometimes it will lock up, also goes numb when i sit for too long or sta	If If your knee dislocates that is a problem. Have you considered asking your doctor to refer you to an orthopedic surgeon for evaluation?
760527	Herpes type 2 result on paper:
igg is < 2 - reference values  0.00 - 22.00 ru/ml 
igm is 0.14 - reference value >0.8 to < 1.1
do I have herpes?	Not enough info The diagnosis of herpes is usually made based on painful lesions at the point of sexual contact and a history of potential exposure - scraping of lesions also can culture the virus, interpretation of blood tests depends on the timing (length of time between exposure or symptoms and the test). These results don't diagnose a recent infection, but can't interpret without more information.
499254	What is the definition or description of: weak urine stream?	See below The urinary stream becomes weak as in prostate enlargement in men or other causes of obstruction. Usually occurs in late 40's.
1595866	After my period my vagina starts to itch & burn no STD or anything plus I have a bump on left side on vagina can it b yeast infection my doctor said it was but is that's what's it yeast or else?	Probably yeast About 1 in 10 women get recurrent yeast infections for no obvious reason. Most of those women will get the infection about the same time each cycle, just as you describe. Your doctor should be able to give you medication that will suppress the yeast and prevent the infections each month.
6734613	Constipation after appendectomy, I have my appendix out 4.5 weeks ago and had bad abdomen pain, cramping, like washing machine, wind my stools are loke rabbit pellets would this be my issue for pains?	Stop the narcotics Firstly, get off the pain killers. Secondly, drink plenty of water and a diet rich in fibrous fruit and vegitables. Yogurt and Lactobacillus milk is good Lastly, Get on DSS and Miralax until your get regulated
6714113	I keep waking up with ringing in my ears and a headache or pressure in my head. Have been dizzy and tired for over 6mths now what can cause this?	Exam needed These symptoms are nondiagnostic and will require a thorough history and physical exam in view of the six month duration of your symptoms. Possibilities include high blood pressure, anemia, thyroid dysfunction, iron deficiency, inner ear disorder or even chronic anxiety.
1112586	Dr said i had mono this summer. Igg was 4.44 which still showed high. Early IgM was o.28 and nuclear was 8.43. By aug my IgG  IgM increased ?	Mono and antibodies Check with your doctor to ensure you are no longer in the active phase. Usually the igm levels are high then the igg levels will rise showing that you no longer are in the active phase. Good luck.
6692734	Hello. I'm a 16 year old female, and i think i may have given my boyfriend chlamydia. I didnt think i had it and i have had all of the symptoms for a UTI. He says he has white discharge from his penis, a sore throat and a weird infection thing on his fing	Many possibilities You may or may not have symptoms when you carry a STD. You can also carry more than 1 at a time. I would have it checked out as you both may have at least chlamydia if not that plus gonorrhea and or other possibilities.
735211	What to do if I have just been stung by a bee. What can I take to pervent swelling. Is it benadryl?	Yes Benadryl may help.
281029	My wife had done an IVF operation return was on 1st august 2012. Hcg today was 9707. Inner ultrasound was done on 7th of september were sac and baby was seen with no heart beat detected. Doctor said baby is around 4 weeks age. Could I know the status of t	Too early At 4 weeks of gestation it's too early to see the heartbeat. So try not to worry. Honestly, it's pretty early to see the embryo (baby) at 4 weeks. But the usual progression is to see the gestational sac, then a little white ring develops inside that sac - called a yolk sac, then you can see the 'fetal pole' and then you should see the baby's heartbeat. Hopefully in a week or 2 heartbeat will sho.
1433382	Sticky vaginal discharge that makes itching around the vaginal area.swab test normal no infections no yeast.pelvic test normal.plz help its annoying?	Dermatitis Some people can develop itching from contact with perfumed, colored toilet paper, for example. I'm glad there is no infection present. Try changing to white unscented toilet paper, only all cotton panties, clothes that are loose enough to "breath" instead of skin-tight, change to white unscented Dove and Dreft Baby detergent. Most people do not have pubic lice, although I saw it once. EEK!
919141	I took a urine pregnancy test every week for 3 wks. Negative. 2 days ago i took a blood test hCG was 64. Today my urine test showed positive.?	Congratulations! You are not very pregnant but just so but you are. You were not pregnant those other times. They were not falsely positives with a 64 now!
1142011	I need help I have two cavities in the front of my teeth pluse two wisdom teeth one hurts bad?	Dentist Sounds like you need to see a dentist asap. Hopefully the cavities in your front teeth can be repaired. Painful or infected wisdom teeth should be reomoved by an oral surgeon.
914120	Can chlamydia/gonorrhea live outside the body? If it exits the body via penile fluid, and comes in contact with the vagina through means such as touching- is there a risk of infection?	It does not live out Both can not live outside for more than few seconds. But if you get penile discharge on fingers and it goes in side vagina it can cause infection.
1068078	Brown discharge 6 days after ovulated. One day late for period all neg test. We are ttc can I still be pregnant even though i get neg results?	Yes Yes. Urine test are not as accurate as serum quantitative HCG pregnancy test because they only give a qualitative yes or no answer whereas the quant HCG gives an exact number which can be followed over several days or weeks to ensure pregnancy is progressing. You could have had later ovulation or implantation.
1548515	Causes/severity of post-op swelling of the knee after removal of the stitches and some standing/walking? Torn ACL&meniscus & a fracture were repaired.	If the wound is- -well healed, and this is new swelling, not left over from the surgery, it could B sign of infection, especially if U have pain @rest &have a fever, even if low grade. This needs immediate eval by Ur surgeon.
1252017	Doctors, what are these unpoppable callous-like blisters on my feet?	Many possibilities These include fungus, allergic reaction/contact dermatitis as well as other systemic conditions. See podiatrist or dermatologist.
920630	Hey?Am having a rash all over my stomache and it's itchy .Little red bumps can it be herpes? Only my stomach	Unlikely.... Local red itchy bumps are not typical of a herpes infection. Depending on subtle things such as distribution, presence of fluid filled pockets, and clinical course, it can also be shingles, contact dermatitis, folliculitis, or other skin problem. The best thing to do, is to have a healthcare provider look at it.
623675	Extreme bloating, cramping, spotting, lower back pain, abdominal pain, hunger pains, fever, dizziness. What could cause this?	Many signs You have many vague signs to give you one diagnosis. You may be pregnant, have a viral infection , or a gastro enteritis. Are you taking any medication? That can also contribute to some of these symptoms.
1223550	If you have a fungal infection or bacterial infection on your penis will your groin lymph nodes swell ?	Yes Infections will cause your lymph nodes to react. Sometimes they can also get infection. Be well.
910312	How does HPV cause genital warts and cancer at the same time?	Different strains There are many different strains of hpv; some strains lead to genital warts and different strains are causative for cervical cancer. Though they are different strains, it is common to be infected with more than one strain so one could have both genital warts and cancer.
1405147	Is it safe for an 11 year old who weighs 81lbs to take Benadryl and melatonin every night as a sleep aid together?	Melatonin yes. Melatonin yes. Benadryl no. Why does he/she need so much to sleep well every night? I'd recommend further evaluation for why he/she can't fall asleep or stay asleep.
1405416	If tested positve for herpes simplex virus one is it effective to pass it on to my partner?	HSV 1 HSV 1 is the "cold sore" virus & blood tests can show if u've been exposed (& therefore infected with) the virus. Some people never know it, because they don't get the blistery outbreak-but they can still be an infectious risks to others-from saliva if we're talking HSV 1. HSV 2 is genital herpes which lives in the genital tract. People are having more oral sex, which means some crossover occurs.
1141284	Strong lower back ache, nausea, sore breasts abd nipples also had ting of blood after wiping, but pregnancy test shows negative could i be testing to ear?	You didn't tell us When you were testing related to when you ovulated/ had sex. Most women do a standard pregnancy test once they actually miss their period. An early pregnancy test can be done prior to that. If the first test in negative you can retest in a week or less using the first morning void. Take care.
1112057	Can i take omega 3 (pro nutrients epa/dha) if i'm on lexapro? Feeling some anxiety and depression.	Yes Yes you can but these supplements have no proven value and are a waste of money.
1357144	Have pricking pain in lower abdomen a few times in a day. Only left. Had lap surgery last year to remove an ovarian cyst. Possible to come back again?	Not likely More likely is abdominal cutaneous nerve entrapment in the scar from the procedure. If so, the condition is annoying but not hazardous.
1508864	Itchy red little bumps some with white center some without, on thighs, calves, forearms, feet, maybe even some on scalp and inside ears, etc...	Staph infection See PMD /seek medical help ASAP. If you have immunosuppressed condition , it can be disseminated Herpes. Without any other detail it is difficult to guide further.
599641	I had appendicitis 2 weeks ago & now I have stomach virus. Constant water diarrhea, what should I do to stop it?  Imodium?	Call doctor ASAP Laura - you may have a secondary infection called c. Diff, which commonly presents as your describing. Call your doctor immediately or just go straight to their office. This needs to be evaluated right away.
1468969	HI.I've got little bumps like acne around my nose On front cheeks for months.I am not very sure as to what it really is.they r pinkish n smtims itchy.	Butterfly rash? You're describing the distribution of a "butterfly rash" which could be a sign of Lupus (Systemic Lupus Erythematosis). SLE is one of many autoimmune disorders that trick the immune system into attacking a part of your own body as if it were foreign. However, it's possible that the rash is benign & self-limited & unrelated to your immune system. Seek advice from you physician.
1331001	Hi All.  Left leg from  knee  down . My knee cap  on bought sides pain.  It feels as if there is fluid  bubble between the foot  skin  and  the bones?	Get examined by doct You need to show this to your doctor. It is hard to guess what it is without a physical examination.
534601	My wife has upper stomach pains and sore breasts ...She had a period two weeks ago. Could we be pregnant?	Pregnancy possible The possibility exists. If you are one week late and still haven't had your menses, you should perform a home pregnancy test.
753540	Cant take aspirin or Advil due to upcoming biopsy.  I have a wicked headache.  Any suggestions on what to take or do to relieve the pain?	Tylenol Take tylenol.
564196	What could cause my emg of my right leg to show significant nerve damage, but the MRI of my back to be normal? I've had no injuries to either area..	Right leg only? If i understand, the abnormal findings are in only one leg. Could be a mono neuritis multiplex, but how about a lesion in the sciatic nerve such as a piriformis syndrome. Diabetics can get metabolic unilateral radiculopathies (amyotrophies). A search for the true location and causation can be indeed very fruitful.
360843	I have pain directly above the knee by 2cm with some swelling.It occurred 1year ago&i was unable to walk.Pain also in leg below knee but can walk now.?	See doctor This is a problem that necessitates a face-to-face meeting with your doctor. This will allow him/her to examine you, ask specific questions. And possibly order tests to find out what's wrong and what to do to help you.
584101	Symptoms started 8 days ago. Sore throat, on/off. No fever. Coughing up yellow-green phlegm esp. In the mornings. Recently, blood in sputum. See doc?	Viral process Likely viral inflammation in the airway with some blood flecks. You should see a physician and have a x-ray . You may need cough rx, anti-inflammatory therapy and possible antibiotics. If blood in sputum persists a bronchoscopy and chest ct may be necessary.
6644381	I have issues with my l4 l5 and s1 I also have sacroilits,scoliosis and now developing neropothy in my legs.any segestions on treatment.no MRI yet....	Hard to know w/o MRI Honestly, it is really very hard to know that it is even at L4/5 without an MRI. I assume you maybe had one in the past (?) based on your described diagnosis of scoliosis and sacroiliitis. Neuropathy is not usually from scoliosis or even L4/5 disc disease, so you might have something else. I would recommend an MRI of the lumbar spine without contrast if you really want to know for sure about L4/5.
6780057	I'm pregnant 4-5 weeks unsure. Started bleeding 2 days ago bright red blood but not heavy or painful now stopped. Is this a miscarriage? Hcg level 40	Recheck BHCG Bleeding in pregnancy is common but never normal. You need to repeat the BHCG to determine if it is trending upward or trending downward. IF trending down this is consistent with an early miscarriage.
1260561	Sore left knee physio is unsure if cartilage or tendon problem hurts up/down stairs squating can't hop  grates when flexing what is it likely to be ?	Have it evaluated It can be one of several possible causes. The best approach is to see an orthopedist and have the issue evaluated.
562692	How long would it take to completely recover from alcohol hepatitis?	Weeks to month It can take many weeks to a few months to recover from alcoholic hepatitis and that is if you stop drinking completely. I can take quite a long time for the liver to come back closer to normal and would require good nutrition as well as abstinence from alcohol.
1042448	20 yrs ago i had warts that were treated now 2013 my pap came back abnormal and postive hpv. I'm wondering I have had normal paps why now abnormal ?	Genital Warts There is currently no cure for hpv, only treatment. Thus, once genital warts are treated they may return.
793479	Non significant disc bulges & minor postero central annular fissures at l3-l4 and l4-l5.  Small circumferential disc bulge at l5-s1. Please advise. ?	49 year old spine Sounds like you have the spine of a 49 year old. It is very common to have minor abnormalities of the discs as you get older. These only become significant when there is a neurologic deficit or pain which directly correlates with the findings on mri. With the findings on this MRI no neurologic findings are expected. Pain is possible but it will be difficult to blame your discs.
6740412	I have a sore raised spot under my nostril. A clear fluid comes out and so has white stiff. How can I tell if staph infection. Fluid comes back quick ?	Dermatology See a dermatologist for advice.
747319	I've taken around 16 tylenol 1s in the last 24 hours for headache pain. I'm feeling dizzy and nauseous i was wondering if I should go to the hospital?	Yes You need to go to the hospital and have your tylenol levels checked.
892266	Is there an interaction between flexeril & tramadol? My doctor stopped it after 3 months, saying there was an interaction, but i had amazing relief.	CNS Only 2 major concerns: 1) general impact on level of consciousness making you tired or sleepy, less coordinated, thereby affecting your function including driving. Timing of when you take each med affects this, but after 3 months, you should notice if this concern is significant. 2) lower seizure threshold. Unless you have a seizure disorder, family history, or drink alcohol, this is minor.
1035123	Right knee is swollen and stiff for 4 days now and gets really sore when i walk on it. Soreness goes up my thigh as well :( what should I do?	seek help A swollen knee in an 18 year can have several causes. Without a history of trauma, a rheumatologist would be the doctor to see.
6677868	Red bump rash on right armpit only. Bumps fill with white pus. Painful but not itchy. What is this and what do I do?	Infection. Sounds like an infection called hidradentis- a sweat gland infection. Must be seen, examined and treated.
1432037	Migraine like headache, fever, flu like body aches, nausea, rash that comes and goes on arm and a stiff neck. What could it be?	Time to be seen Your symptoms are concerning for meningitis or encephalitis. Both of which can potentially be serious. Please seek medical attention quickly.
1356810	My Ob sent for blood work to check thyroid and other stuff my TSH was .22 T3 was 31 and T4 5.0 free T4 1.6. She said my TSH was low can I conceive with those numbers & progesterone was 8.5 is that ok?	Ovulation Usually like for your day 21 Progesterone to be greater than 10. If this was done on day 21 needs to be repeated next month or consider Clomid and or thyroid work up. Hope this helps
1034457	I'm 68 I have visible blue veins in my left breast, nothing in my right. Had mammogram 4 mos ago and breast exam by doc 3 mos . Are veins sign of bc?	Normal finding I am amazed about how often I have women ask me about the veins on their breast. Occasionally they are spider veins but mostly they are blue veins. These are almost always normal findings and normal variations of chest veins. They tend to be more pronounced in fair skinned females and they may be related to hereditary factors or even pregnancies. No treatment is necessary unless for cosmetics.
1513669	2weeks prior dehydration in hospital.now nausea,fatigue, pain in back under right rib cage, stomach cramps, bloating, gas, floating stools. AnyAnswer?	Be seen again You may have to be seen again to determine cause. Unfortunately, sometimes people can even pick up new things in the hospital while they are being treated such as pseudomembranous colitis which can produce symptoms similar to what you are describing. I would encourage you to be seen.
370741	Are mammograms as good for small breasted women? Does the effectiveness of a mammogram decrease if you have small breasts?	No, No, breast size generally does not affect the sensitivity of the mammogram. Breast density on the other hand, can affect the sensitivity of mammography. Breasts are made up of both fat and glandular tissue. If the breasts are mostly fatty, it is easier to detect a small tumor. Breasts that have a high percentage of glandular tissue and are very dense can easily hide small tumors. Breast implants can also make mammogram evaluation more difficult; for this reason, additional views are obtained on women who have breast implants (displaced implant views).
1502765	My dad accidentally took 1 hydrocodone pain right after taking 2 advil, Is that okay?	Shouldn't be problem but am not sure how you "accidentally" take a hydrocodone pill. Unless your father is very sick, or is on other central nervous system depressants, a single hydrocodone (which until Zohydro came out contains no more than 10 mg of hydrocodone) should not cause major problems. Medications should always be in their original bottles, and labels should ALWAYS be carefully read before taking ANY med.
175894	What's the best OTC medication for nasal congestion due to sinusitis infection?	Pseudoephedrine The best treatment for a bacterial sinus infection is antibiotics - to kill off the infection and let the sinuses heal. For viral infections, decongestants can help with the symptom of nasal congestion. Pseudoephedrine, available without a rx from your pharmacist, works best, but often produces significant side effects. Oxymetazoline nasal spray also works well, but don't use it for more than a wk.
1424069	Very small round light brown bumps on breasts and small dark spots on nipple. Some been there for months. About 8 total so far.  Not pregnant?	Varies Depending on circumstance it may be normal. An exam would be helpful.
864844	My mid foot is killing me also I have ankle joint pain when laying down my foot and ankle goes numb sometimes its like a dull pain?	See below Could have plantar fascitis playing a role which can cause pain to be referred to the ankle.
940633	With the concerns about acetaminophen and ibuprofen is it safer to take aspirin?	Depends Depends on what you would take it for.
1592844	Have really bad nose congestion and I took one Claritin d non drowsy. I am starting to feel really tired, is this normal? Also, there isnt much relief	Probably a cold. Probably a cold and only time will make it go away. The claritin d is only for allergy and some runny nose. Time will make you feel better and you might ask the pharmacist or your doctor the recommendations of over the counter cold preparations that is safe for you to take.
6654223	Left abdominal pain. Pelvis and vaginal ultrasound clear.Had abdominal CT and it showed 3.5 cm uterine fibroid.Should I worry since the US missed it?	Diagnostic tests are never 100%. There are always false negatives. A 3.5 cm fibroid is probably not cause of pain. Consult with your gyn for more specific advice.
6676403	Alt 110, AST 90, swollen lymph nodes for 5 mons with on and off pain. No other symps
HAV,HBV,HCV,HIV all negative. 
What could be the problem? Thanks	Abnormal LFTS Could be fatty liver or many other things. More lab results would be helpful like CBC for starters. any other symptoms?
1542213	Treatment  42 yr congenital scoliosis hemi vertebrae L4 has lead to osteoarthritis in lumbar, fractured pedicles, stenosis  + degeneratIve discs L4 l5?	See ortho spine doc You may need reconstructive or supportive surgery to prevent nerve damage if you have more than one vertebral body affected by the osteoarthritis. If this is a congenital issue an ortho spine doctor would give you the best advice on how to proceed safely
629014	Period 5 days late, brown discgarge/spotting for 4 days, cramping what could this mean? Not sexually active.	Prob your period The brown discharge was likely your period just a very light one. Brown equals old blood. It is common to have an "off' cycle every now and then.
405836	I have a big red dot on my left toe, it itches, and hurts all the time. What is this? It has been on my left big toe for 2 years, now it is showing up on my right big toe! my mom and dad look at it but don't know what and they keep telling me we will go	I I can't diagnose you over the internet, but if you've had it for 2 years, and it's now appearing in the same spot on the other big toe, it could be irritation from rubbing because of the shape of your toe or even that your shoe size needs to be increased. While there is no real rush, mom and dad should take you to a podiatrist. Print this out and leave it on the kitchen counter: dear mom and dad of anonymous kid from lansing, mi: your child seems to be concerned enough to write here at avvo about a problem he or she is having in their big toes. My best advice is to take him or her to a podiatrist and find out whether this is anything serious. Besides, he/she is in pain. Sincerely, dr. Fox in ny hope that helps kiddo. Good luck!
6681556	I have pain in my muscles and back of neck feeling weakness in my body numbness in legs and feet lazy headache what is happening?	See MD Need more information but might be something that needs immediate attention. See MD or go to ER now.
6761148	I just need a prescription for acyclovir , i have herpes simplex virus 1 one and my doctor gave me a prescription for it with 4 refills and i lost it?	2 options Your options depend upon what's happened thus far. If you already left your prescription at your pharmacy and lost the medications, just go back to pharmacy for early refill (although insurance may not pay). If you lost actual prescription, call doctor's office for new one. Since acyclovir isn't a controlled substance, I don't foresee an issue. Many docs use electronic prescribing so can't lose it
1166431	I have just very little urine and pressure on my bladder. I also have tenderness in my lower abdomen. Could this be a uti?	Yes Infection of the bladder can give someone several symptoms including need to void frequently, urgency and burning on urination. The person may think they may very little urine coming out because the bladder is irritated and giving you the false urge to urinate before the bladder capacity is reached, so very little urine comes out each time to urinate.
6690705	Brown discharge for almost three weeks straight, two missed periods, and a negative hpt. No cramps or other problems.	See your doctor Yes you need to get checked up .
6761143	Recurring large amount of dark rectal bleeding Inc. Large Blood clots. Colonoscopy showed only internal hemorrhoid. OK to assume blood only due to it?	Unlikely The bleeding is probably from diverticulosis or something known as an arterio-venous malformation (AVM). Since these can be anywhere in the colon, if surgery is ever needed to remove that section, it is important to find the exact location with a variety of imaging tests, usually only helpful during a bleeding episode. Hope this helps!
1034980	Left side of my vagina is swollen, should I be worried? A few weeks ago i had a bad UTI & antibiotics led to yeast infection. My hymen looks bad too.	See a doctor I would go see a doctor just so they can further help you and possibly diagnose the issue properly. Good luck with everything :].
480998	I'm 19, have had irregular periods but then averaged out to 36 day cycle. 2 days late now.  Mild cramps tender breast & cervical mucus. Pregnant?	Possibly Obtain a home pregnancy test. They turn positive at about the time you'd be ready to start your next expected period. If negative, repeat in 1 week and call your doctor.
1406723	Vaginal itching with no discharge no odor.pelvic exam shows no fungus or infection. Dr said my vagina is clean.wat could cause itchy vagina?	THis may just by dry skin so try a skin lubricant, add some oral vitamin E see how that does
6727354	I'm 44 yo. BMI 29. Last year till now my soles have been dry & itchy. 2 wks ago till now I've warm feeling in groin & underarm with itchy rashes. Help?	Itchy Sounds as if you have possibly developed a rash. These can be caused by fungus and there are many over-the-counter regimens that can be used. A favorite is to lotremin or tinactin which comes in a cream or spray and use this on a regular basis for the next two weeks to see if improves
1545974	BAD Gerd x4 months I have lupus but very mild scl-70&anticentromere neg no skin issues no raynauds, could I  have Scleroderma, scared PPI wont work! ?	Try the PPI. Give it 1-2 weeks.Tell ur doc.
857699	I had this lip line pimple like 2 months ago and i popped and it hurt but the bump went away and the redness is still here will stay like this forever?	Maybe If it is just some redness due to the trauma of popping the bump, it should fade over the next few months. However, trauma can sometimes cause new blood vessels (telangiectasias) to form which could be more permanent. Patience and sun protection are my short term recommendations.
405952	Pregnant or not ? Its probably nothing but I have missed my period and are experiencing pregnancy symptoms like feeling sick, increase in tiredness, more hungry. Needing to pee more and tender breasts. Iv done different pregnancy tests and all have said	Hello. Hello. I don't know if you are pregnant. Classic pregnancy symptoms can begin as early as when you miss your period. You can test with a routine home pregnancy test as soon as the first day you miss your period. Sometimes a woman can be pregnant and have a negative pregnancy test because the HCG level was not high enough to trigger a positive. In that case you can retest in a week or less. If you tested before missing your period, it is not likely to show a positive unless you used an early detection test.
405950	Am i pregnant please help its probably nothing but I have missed my period and are experiencing pregnancy symptoms like feeling sick, increase in tiredness, more hungry. Needing to pee more and tender breasts. Iv done different pregnancy tests and all hav	Hello. Hello. I don't know if you are pregnant. Classic pregnancy symptoms can begin as early as when you miss your period. You can test with a routine home pregnancy test as soon as the first day you miss your period. Sometimes a woman can be pregnant and have a negative pregnancy test because the HCG level was not high enough to trigger a positive. In that case you can retest in a week or less. If you tested before missing your period, it is not likely to show a positive unless you used an early detection test.
585279	I'm using ketoconazole 2% for twice a week but which shampoo is best for atopic dermatitis itchy flaky scalp for daily uses ?	Increase usage You can use the shampoo seven days a week without any difficulty.
778604	Can you let me know how many liquid nitrogen treatments do you need before my HPV wart goes away?	Varies Although liquid nitrogen is effective in the removal of warts it sometimes takes multiple treatments. I tend to try another modality if the warts to not clear after the second treatment.
6794039	How can I tell if I have acid reflux? I have a bad odour coming through my nose but that can also be due to the post nasal drip I have.	Sinus infection. Check with your doc. Sinus infections can cause a foul odor to the breath. This often can improve with antibiotics. If not, then get checked for GERD and other causes of bad breath (as well as mucus in the throat). We cannot give you a definite answer without examining you, though. See a doc.
6717033	Hit my knee cap hard is now swelled, bruised and hurts to touch around the knee cap. Hit it on a corner of a bench should I have it looked at?	Knee Cap to Nite Cap If you can't walk or extend your knee, get it looked at now. But if you can walk and the pain is confined to the knee cap, bets are good that it's just bruised and will get better. Hitting any boney prominence (elbow, ankle, knee, ribs) hurts a lot and can hurt for quite a while. If you just bumped it I wouldn't worry too much It takes a lot of force to crack a kneecap. Give it two weeks.
92278	My daughter still has the lymph nodes of the left side of her neck very swollen, and the lump of the front of the ear big, CT scan was done but no ans?	Abnormal lymph nodes Most lymph nodes are enlarged because they are reacting to a recent infection. If they are less than 3/4 inch in size, and are not changing, do not worry. Abnormal lymph nodes of concern would include ones that are painful, ones that are progressively getting larger rapidly, or rapidly increasing in number. If this is the case, see your doctor again. Lymph node biopsy might be considered.
1578614	My 4 yr old is complaining of her belly button hurting. It's red and you can feel a lump just below it. She was not born with a hernia. What is it?	Hard to say She needs to see the pediatrician to get this evaluated. It could be a skin infection or maybe a hernia.
206477	Had a neck / shoulder injury a few months ago. It still hurts. What should I do?	Neck/shoulder injury Were radiographs taken at time of injury? What treatment did you receive? Nsaid & muscle relaxer may help, but need doc to examine neck & shoulder to determine best treatment. Physical therapy may play a role. Therapeutic massage. Moist heat. Osteopathic manipulation/chiropractic tx.
1409053	8 months upper back pain.. first it would wrap to chest, now just on sholder and down arm when walking. can it be spinal cord or muscle injury.	Yes Pain that begins in the upper back and then runs down the arm is usually some form if nerve impingment or irritation in the spine. Consider being seen if it does not get better.
1269013	What to do if I have dry scalp with dandruff problems and acne?	Keep oily hair away from forehead. Wash hair daily to prevent dandruff. Try anti-dandruff shampoos that contains zinc pyrithione, which can reduce the scalp fungus associated with dandruff; selenium sulfide, which can limit cell turnover and possibly even decrease the amount of fungus; salicylic acid, which works as a sort of scrub to slough off dead skin.
399013	Pain in the lower right side bloating and gas also blood in stool when I have a bm i sometimes feel better but there is blood in it.	Hello. Hello. I recommend that this be medically evaluated. The cause of the blood in your stool needs to be investigated. Take care.
6787704	White spot on the frenulum of my tongue. It looks like a canker sore but not for sure. also like a small flap type thing on each each side?	Need exam The visual description is not sufficient to diagnose. Particularly if it's been there for more than a few days, I would suggest you have your dentist or primary care doctor have a look.
1048195	My son is 16 months old, has had 4 ear infections, and is not talking. Does he need to see an ENT or is a hearing evaluation enough?	SPEECH DELAY: At 1 year 2-5 words with meaning . ., 2 years 2-3 word sentence, sometimes little delay is acceptable. Ur son had 4 ear infections, needs hearing screening (tympanometry, oae) at pediatrician's office, if available. If fails, need formal hearing evaluation by audiologist. Depending on the result, ENT referral or speech therapy is decided. If recent recurrent ear infection, ENT doc. Puts pe tubes.
1238670	Nausea, diarrhea, sore throat, coughing, no appetite, body aches, headache, vomiting when have hard cough. Is it the flu or just a cold? I feel awful.	Flu Vs Cold Flu symptoms can include fever, chills, sore throat, cough, headaches, nasal congestion marked aching of muscles and joints ; significant fatigue. When present, nausea, vomiting and loose stools are more often seen in children. In general, the flu will cause you to feel more ill than a cold will. Colds tend to lead to more nasal congestion than the flu.
6715099	Hi doc, i breastfeed my 22 mos. old baby and i noticed a circular and redness between my nipple and aerola, its a ringworm actually n i treat it with salicylic acid but i didn't breastfeed my child on the treated one actually they have on the both breast	Check with your OB I would let your OB make the call as to what he/she would like to see you treat with since any medication to treat fungal infections will be excreted in breast-milk and this could be rough on the infant's liver if ingested. Topical treatment probably the best but even then, some absorption of medication will occur.
6733700	Can you get a pain pump for chronic pain for chondromalacia, if steroid injections & physical therapy and meds didn't help. i have Nsaids Allergy. ?	No The last thing youneed is to take narcotic pain meds which are highly addictive.
1284490	Is cloudy nipple discharge from both breasts after stimulation normal? It persisting 2 days later also. Discharge on slightest pressure on nipples.	Galactorrhea Probably related to your medicarion but see an endocrinologist for prolactin studies.
6615799	Im sexually active. the last 2months my period last 2-days usually last 3_4 day. this month I got it a day late n ended the next day I got light bleeding after it ended. would that be spotting?	Sounds normal It sounds like you are describing fairly regular periods just light. There is nothing wrong with having a light period. If you want to have more control over your menstrual cycle consider taking birth control
383597	Are unexpected weight loss and lower left abdomenal pain, and latharic behaviors symptoms to colon cancer? Othe symptoms:-blood on toilet paper, 
constipation
tiredness
small caliber stools
pelvic pain	Yes. Those symptoms could all reflect a colon cancer, and that is what needs to be ruled out by a physician. It could possilby be other causes, diverticular disease, ibs, malabsorption syndromes, but the most worrisome possible cause (colon cancer) still remains pretty high on the list of possibilities. Seek medical attention please!
1122602	I have knee, hip, pelvis and shoulder dislocations and subluxations, and most- almost all my joints are hypermobile. What could this be caused by?	Hypermobile joint sy Dear you probably suffer from congenital hypermobile syndrome. They are several conditions and all of thben are due to abnormalities of the connective tissue.You should see a pediatrician or a dr that specializes in genetics, a lot of this diseases are inherited.
986839	Have produding disc l5s1 with sciatica in buttocks and leg, hip and testicle pain. Im lately feeling fatigued all the time. Is this linked to disc?	Thanks for asking! The fatigue could be caused by numerous things. One of the most likely causes is if you are narcotics and have been for an extended period of time. Chronic opioid usage can lead to low testosterone and other hormonal/chemical imbalances, which lead to fatigue, low sex drive, etc. Another issue is chronic pain can cause hormonal imbalance. I would start by checking your testosterone level.
6759589	Stretching, Crack/crunch sound in neck followed by sharp pain in neck shoulder chest on right side,  dull pain in arm and arm pit. Tweaked nerve?	See orthopedist Not good, see MD
6622778	This morning when I woke up my left elbow hurt bad now it feels like the inside of my arm by the bend is swollen what could this be? Should I worry?	Maybe short lived If you just twisted during sleep or had an athletic event it should go away on its own. If you injured the area and the joint fluid leaked you may a synovial cyst. Let it resolve for a few days without using it and ice it. If this resolves it was abruise and is better. If not see your doctor to check it out in person to make sure you are ok. Hope it gets better.
60912	Knee pain after running, below knee cap and at the top of shin bone. Feels very sore and hurts, no swelling. Have iced and rest. What could it be ?	Oshood schlaters dz Or patellar tendonits.
699915	When is it safe to have sex after having surgery to remove kidney stones? I'm a 43 yr old female who just had a stent removed plus 2 stones	As soon as you feel Like having sex, it will be okay.
1193164	Anal pruritus, burning, little pain, and a red lumb in center like under the skin , and some sore of littles rash or bumps , due to what?	Anal pruritis It sounds like you have a hemorrhoid as well as possible low grade infection.
1555671	I picked dry skin around my earpiercing (had for15yrs), now it's red,swollen,hot,itchy&draining. Salt water sol helps with draining but neosp doesnt?	Allergy to neosporin Allergy to neosporin and bacitracin are among the most common known. There is no good evidence of any benefit. The first thing to do is to stop neosporin. A visit to a dermatologist is in order. Meanwhile you can use OTC hydrocortisone cream. Your earrings can be easily checked for nickel sulfate.
1383247	Had unprotected sex 6/9. Ovulation calculator said I ovulated 6/14. Period due 6/28. Breast sore & white discharge. Could I be pregnant?	May be GO for a pregnancy test to be sure
1500476	Head pressure building, dizzy going to sleep like feeling, ears ringing more and more, dream like vision, speech becoming twisted and difficult.	Multiple symptoms We cannot help you if you give us absolutely no useful information about yourself. We don't even know how old you are and what your medical history is or what medications you are on. You may be intoxicated, having an anxiety attack or a stroke in which case you should seek medical attention immediately.
6638605	Hydroxizine prescribed for a 3mth old 1ml. Every 6hrs(for congestion)?? all she does is sleep blood when sneezing has stoped but stuffy and runny nose	Sedating medication Hydroxyzine is a sedating 1st generation antihistamine which is why your baby is so tired all the time. This dosing sounds like it is too aggressive and is causing increased sedation. Also, this medication is not good at treating congestion. In a 3 month old most common cause of stuffy, runny nose is viral infection that can last for days or weeks. More common if your child is in daycare
1456059	My thumb has been itching for days. No rash, swelling or pain. It is driving me mad. What could it be?	Itching Although no rash and irritant could be possible. For example contact with fiberglass can cause that. Is the itchiness in the webspace? Good place for scabies.
378797	Red, spotty, swollen face my son woke up with his eye swollen with bright red bumps that are very small.  He also had those small, red bumps all around his mouth and chin.  I gave him a dose of benedryl allergy this morning and the swelling around his eye	Any Any time there is an injury or problem with the eye, the best course of action is to call the child's doctor. As a general rule, we are very careful with eyes. Without examining him, it is difficult to tell whether the cause is allergy, infection (viral or bacterial) or injury. Since they all require different treatments, the safest thing to do is call his doctor. Good luck! legal disclaimer: I am providing this general and basic information as a public service and my response to this question does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship. For any additional information, advice, or specific concerns, please speak with your own physician. The information provided is current as of the date of the answer entry.
809362	What color is the fluid in your knee supposed to be on a mri? Is it possible to have scar tissue behind the kneecap or medially? Please help and expla	Usually clear fluid. Most joint fluid is clear unless you had recent trauma (bloody fluid) or infection or gout (yellowish). Scar tissue or synovitis can develop from prior surgery or trauma or degenerative changes from meniscal tear or other causes.
1156442	Pain in right groin, radiates to right hip & thigh-feels worse when sitting & then standing up. Lessens after walking a bit...Femoral hernia ?	Could be Or arthritis or some thing else , only way to know , what is causing your troubles , is to see your doctor to get work up done , to find the cause in order to cure you.
1245227	Hi doctors my problem is that i can hear my pulsationmy heart sound very loud when i lay in the bed in my ears n i feel that my whole body pulsating?	Some people Are very sensitive to their heartbeats which can be felt and heard as you describe when laying down in a quiet place. It is normal. Don't be worried!
617357	Lower left right abdom pain with lower back pain.No urinary infec no ovarian cyst no pregnancy.Pain is almost constant.Pid or could it be ibs?Help	Could be either I would see my ob/gyn. You need to have this worked up via an exam with ultrasound, or you may need a laproscopic examination.
277910	My period isn't due for 2 weeks and I am experiencing mild cramps, stringy brown discharge and mild nausea. I am not on birth control. Am I pregnant?	Probably ovulation Most women will ovulate two weeks before they have their period. At the time of ovulation, many women will have spotting and a thin water vaginal discharge - just as you describe.
905377	Swollen (small, soft, mobile) post-cervical lymph node, left. Coughing, sore throat, white-yellow phlegm. Throat throbs, left. No fever. What is it?	Not strep No fever + cough makes strep unlikely--you'd probably have swollen, tender anterior nodes as well. Swollen posterior nodes make me wonder about mono--but several, not just one and you'd not be coughing. This is when you gargle warm salt water, use chloroseptic spray, take tylenol or advil, put you feet up and rest until you shake this virus. If the node gets bigger, get it checked.
6622486	Take biotin,iron,b12,vit D,&flaxseed oil daily,now magnesium but how much is good 4 migraines/IBS?SEVERE hair loss,wondering what I can take orally 4 it inc. prescriptions?Crown of head shaved BALD,wearing bonded hairpiece now.Need my own hair back,HELP!	Baldness have your thyroid and androgens( sex hormones) checked please
1037767	A gentle headache that moves location around my head for a couple days and in some spots i can feel the pain when i touch the spot that's aching.	Cranial arteritis? If you were older, i would suggest your ophthalmologist or neurophthalmologist rule out cranial arteritis with biopsy and sed rate.
1383660	How long is hand foot mouth disease contagious? Have family event Sat. 2 yr old had symptoms Saturday. Still has lots of blisters. It Wed.should go?	HFM I usually say 24hrs after the last fever (over 100. 5). It's as contagious as any cold. Miserable virus. Hope a/he's feeling better.
233865	29 year old male and I just noticed a small painful lump on the inside of my arm below and to the side of my bicep before you reach the elbow joint, what should I do?	See md See ortho doc get xr and possible mri. ..
6792882	I have no STDs, was recently tested. My vulva area is sporadically itchy and is kind of sore in one spot. What could that be?	Variable There are multiple causes for vulvar itching from eczema, skin irritant, yeast, etc. The tenderness is often self inflicted from scratching. Start by eliminating perfumes, soaps, deodorants, panty liners, etc. Check relationship to condom use for possible latex allergy. If no improvement, see Gyn for evaluation and a possible skin biopsy.
786362	What is the cause of a vaginal discharge if it's not an STD or a yeast infection?	One possibility Bacterial vaginosis is one possibility. Please get this checked by your gynecologist or your family doctor.
508441	My period 2 days late I have white discharge more like cloudy I have had sore nipple not breasts for about a week now. Mild cramps more on right side?	Yes You may have an ovarian cyst on the right side that could be responsible for your pain. The nipple and discharge are unlikely to be connected unless you are pregnant.
558864	Had unprotected sex 1/19-24 &think that i maybe pregnant when is a good time to test no period yet due to one shot of Depo-Provera which was 5months ago?	2 weeks If you can stand the wait, you are most likely to have a positve hpt if it "should be" positive two (+) weeks post-fertilization.
1354179	8 days late for my period,cramping in abdominal area& feeling nauseous but negative test result at first. Never missed a period before. Am I pregnant?	Time and technique If you did the test 4-5 days after a missed period, and did the test correctly, you are not likely to be pregnant. You may wish to re do the test; use first morning urine and follow the instructions in the test kit carefully.
6719521	9 days of brown discharge, neg test on 7th day of discharge did have mild cramps during nausea and a day of diarrhea no period/discharge now pregnant?	Confused Would need more information regarding what is happening exactly. I'm available this evening for live consult to discuss further as the free section of HealthTap is limited in terms of what can legally be discussed and answered regarding your situation. Look forward to hearing from you.
1070310	I often have a tingling sensation on the back right below the arm joint. Have pain on back, neck, spine, hip and other parts. Ra+anti ccp+hla b27 -ve.	See a rheumatologist The positive rheumatoid factor and especially the positive ccp suggest you could have early rheumatoid arthritis. If possible, have a rheumatologist evaluate the issue as the next step.
1377753	Could a 50cent-sized, soft-flatish, swollen looking lump, behind my watch on the right top of the forearm, with thumb and elbow pain be nerve related?	Ganglion or lipoma. The sensory branch of the radial nerve is in the area & superficial. A mass can compress it. The area or pain or numbness is the top of the thumb and index finger & also the Web space between them. Tapping on the area with Ur index finger should reproduce the symptoms. C a hand surgeon 4 xam& rec.4 treatment. Good luck! No good image available.
1070644	Will a OTC mouth gaurd help till i get to see TMJ doc- can't see him for another 3 weeks sick of ear fullness/ dizziness, ENT says its prolly tmj?	Not sure Not sure. Try it. May work. If symptoms not better or worse - stop immediately. . Self treat with soft diet, jaw exercises, massage, heat/cold, OTC pain meds.
1321066	An ultrasound of my uterus showed my uterus is large10.8x4.2x5.5 and endometrial lining was 9.0 mm and a simple cyst in my right ovary is this normal?	Most likely The of the uterus is influenced by many factors which include children. Fibroids also can enlarge the uterus. The 9 mm thickness is still within a normal range assume of course you still get your period and where you are in the cycle. Ovarian cysts are very common
6762729	When do I need antibiotics for sinusitis? It's day 4 of light yellow nasal discharge.Don't have a headache. Tender to touch and pressure left eyebrow.	Sinusitis Usually when I get tenderness to palpation I start antibiotics because it is a bony area and the inflammation can be painful and it is hard to clear. Would also raise head of bed allows for better drainage and if reflux is causing the issue prevents reflux, take zyrtec in AM ,benedryl in PM . I prefernasal antihistamine to nasonex F/U today with doc/urgent care.
6669945	For the past 2 years my urine has smells like rotten eggs? It started after I had my child. I drink 2 liters of water daily. I've made doctor appointments and recieved antibiotics for uti and bladder and kidney infections. Even with taking the medication	Suggesting fistula Your history is suggesting a fistula which is a vicious tract between bowel and bladder, following surgery, sometimes seen in inflammatory bowel disease. Important details are any type of abdominal surgeries in the past, other symptoms, what type of bacterial infections in the urine, etc. Some cases are extremely difficult to diagnose. Talk to your doctor about seeing Urology/Gastro in consult.
6718121	Symptoms for 2 weeks & counting, diarrhea, cramps, nausea, tender breasts, af 4 days late, now getting a pale mucousy brown discharge. Answers?	Possibly pregnant You could possibly be pregnant. Some of the symptoms that you mentioned can be related to pregnancy. Especially if you are late for your period. I would advise you take a home pregnancy test and see
1596245	Sore breasts, white and brown discharge, slight cramping, acne, etc. All of my period symptoms but my period is 13 days late. No sexual intercourse. ?	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
588949	I have a cyst on my right ovary, does this increase my chances of miscarrying? I'm 4 weeks 2 days pregnant.	Please ask the doc Who diagnosed your cyst , it may or may not depends on what type of cyst , how big it is , etc, if it is the corpus luteum of pregnancy that is a normal cyst that supports the preg but it sounds like u already had the cyst before u were preg so call your obgyn.
6679200	I had two sharp sudden pains under my left breast in my rib cage and since then I've had a dry cough and aches  in the same area. I can now feel the achyness at the bottom of my ribs and in my upper back sometimes.	Worrisome The sudden pain could have been from irritation of the pleural lining around the lung (eg from viral infection). If the cough began only afterward and is associated with worsening shortness of breath and more diffuse discomfort, then lung collapse must be considered and is diagnosed by physical exam and xray.
393971	I feel this way 3 times a week it feels like this...My heart beats faster I have shortness of breath my left arm feels tingly and numb with a little tightness my eyes feel low and i just feel not right tired and im not to sure if it anxiety stress ashma i	You You could in fact be dealing with any of the above issues you mentioned in your post (anxiety, stress, asthma). More importantly you could be dealing with a cardiac (heart) issue. Things like coronary artery disease could be a factor. Also there are many other issues that can be contributing to your symptoms (diabetes, thryroid issues, etc). My advice is to schedule an appointment with your primay care provider. You will need a complete work up and evaluation for all your symptoms. Please do this right away. If you have worsening symptoms and or chest pain go to your local emergency room. All the best.
1050174	Had period 3 days early dark almost black blood and i tested positive on a 5day sooner but doc did blood and urine at e.R and said neg still feel preg?	Not likely to be Pregnant. The tests done in the er are generally reliable and you are not likely to be pregnant. It is likely that you may have spontaneously lost an early pregnancy. About 25% of early pregnancies are lost due to chromosomal defects in the fetus.
6772013	Entire right leg is sore stubbed middle toe 1mth ago had it buddywrapped briefly now entire foot is in pain up shin around knee to top of calf & above?	Was the toe Ever xrayed? Were you wearing a surgical shoe? If you have swelling or calf pain first and foremost a clot should be ruled out. Everything else is secondary.
1164105	Haven't had my period in six months, breast are very sore and i feel a hard moveable lump inside both breat closest to the armpit. What can this be?	Check it out I would definitely see your doc.
289252	How to treat a fractured L4 and l5?	Depends on type Treatment depends on type of fracture, stability of fracture, how much deformity fracture introduces to the spine. It also depends on how much spinal canal compromise, and if there is any neurological deficit present. Most fractures of L4 and L5 vertebral bodies can be treated non-operatively with bracing, activity modification. A few may require surgery. Your surgeon will let you know.
539879	For a week i've been having flu symptoms but today i started feeling better but a hour ago i got really dizzy& bad stomach ache& vomiting, what wrong?	Viral infection Many cold viruses also cause stomach and intestinal infection. That can cause abdominal pain, vomiting and diarrhea. This condition is usually self limiting and resolves within 48-72 hours.
618991	I have polycythemia vera. Is it ok for me to wear extremely tight jeans or am i more likely going to get DVT or blood clots?	Agree that probably Ok...Keep well hydrated & follow closely with your physician.
396098	Am i pregnant, or possibly pregnant? -i was Depo-Provera pervea for 5 and 1/2 years, my last shot was in april/may
-i had my first period on oct. 27 and it lasted til nov. 18
-my second period was dec. 31 and it lasted til jan. 2
-my third period was jan.	As As doctors, the first thing we do when we hear that a young, fertile woman is having a missed period or abnormal spotting, we check a pregnancy test. You can either take a home pregnancy test as long as it has been 5- 6 weeks since your last normal period, or you can go see your doctor and they can test you. A home pregnancy test is 97% accurate if taken a week or more after the missed period. Depending on when you took your home tests, it may have been too early for an accurate reading. A blood test can tell if you are pregnant as soon as 7 days after conception and a doctor's urine pregnancy test can tell if you are pregnant around when you next period should come. There are other reasons besides pregnancy that can cause a woman to miss a period such as: stress, diet, excessive exercise or a hormone imbalance such as with a thyroid disorder or polycystic ovarian syndrome. If you are not pregnant and are still worried about an irregular cycle, give your doctor a call. Your doctor will take a thorough history and physical and may run some tests to find out why your period is irregular. This is especially important if you are trying to become pregnant since problems that effect your period also effect your fertility. Good luck!
671521	Which vitamin deficiency causes fatigue?	Vit D Get a blood level checked and shoot for a level >50ng/ml many people feel better after starting on vit d supplementation.
736342	Should i visit a doctor or a physio for probable water-on-the-knee?	Effusion Water on the knee is known as an effusion. You should see your doctor first to determine the cause. Pt (physio) may be a good option depending on the cause.
1477304	Have had swelling on top of rt hand come n go for last month with pain generating in ring n mid finger. Went to ER said sprain.its not I know my body?	Maybe a cyst painfull swelling on the back of the hand is often a ganglion cyst or cyst from the lining of a tendon. Go see a hand specialist to confirm and treat
1229398	Exercising squats is good if you have knee injury? Or it will worsen the injury?	Depends If the injury is to the front of the knee (patella area) squats can actually increase the pain. It is best to start with isometric exercises ( where the muscle is tensed against resistance and the joint does not move, followed by pain free arc exercises. Your doc or physical therapist is best to advise your on a specific regiment to follow your your specific injury.
1375769	Brown mole, recently had small bump under, used to be flaky, now bleeding a lot, is it melanoma? I have spent a lot of time in sun recently, fair skin	Unlikely at your age Is this an area where there is a lot of sunlight? Does it have irregular margins and variegated color.? Are you picking at it so it bleeds? At your age a melanoma is a rare possibility but an irritated mole is much more likely. If you have any doubt- see a dermatologist for analysis. And consider that since you are fair skinned, that sun screen or less time in the sun would be wise.
1191212	What causes small clusters of bumps on penis?It occurs mostly for 4-5 days and go. Reoccur aft 2 -3 weeks, mostly if i masturbate. What is the remedy?	Difficult to say But sounds like local irritation. But it could be infection or even std. Show it to your doctor or a urology specialist for specific advice.
1429420	Rephrasing last question.Waking mid night witha fast heartrate for wks.Nothing over 100BPM.EKG,Stres,Echo,Holt were norm.What else could cause thisbe?	Anxiety or distress? If all the medical causes are reliably eliminated, then I would consider whether anxiety or distress may be the culprit. Anxiety is often associated with an elevated heart rate; with panic attacks, heart rate can be markedly elevated. Also, people can become hyperaware, making it worse. Rarely, medical conditions may cause high stress hormone levels, unlikely but sometimes worth checking.
1492222	Should i see a doctor about anxiety if i get random chest pressure/pain and heart palpitations from time to time? always think im pregnant even if not	Yes I think you should see PCP. Those symptoms can be from anxiety disorder if the clinical scenario fits well but organic causes- including cardiac (heart) - should be excluded first. I would recommend seeing a primary care provider (PCP) specialized in internal medicine/pediatric (according to your age). Even if it was confirmed to be anxiety related, a better control can be achieved for those sympt
1035469	Mirena was removed late january, still have not got pregnant?  Do i need to go see doctor or do you recommend anything?	Mirena If not pregnant by end of this year go see a gynecologist.
832252	Can anxiety give you a heart attack or heart problem? I can't exercise because i get shaky, weak short of breath during and fear it's my heart.	Anxiety & the heart Anxiety is the feeling that derives from your brain detecting danger and causing you to fight and flee. That will cause your heart rate to increase, blood pressure to rise, and breathing to become more rapid and shallow (among other things). The symptoms become a new danger as you fear a heart problem.Rarely it will cause that and almost never at your age.Focus on the cause of anxiety not symptoms.
1449442	I had to go to the ER today for a panic attack n they injected me with 1mg of ativan is it okay to go ahead n take my .5mg of Xanax now?	Probably. The half-life of ativan is about 10 to 20 hours, so there may still be avian in your system. Usually, xanax is prescribed for control of symptoms similar to panic attacks. If you were currently having symptoms, it probably would be useful for you. If you were going to take it, just to stay on some type of schedule, not for symptoms, then you can probably skip a dose.
524316	I had a decompressive laminectomy at the l3/l4, l4/l5, and l5/s1 on 9/25/12 now when i try to sleep, i wake up everu hour in horrible pain. Why?	Unusual This unusual follow up with surgeon.
662817	What is a diet plan for a man having  HDL 30, LDL 89, vldl 54, triglyceride 270, bilirubimn 0.5 and sgpt 36, age 46yrs, wt. 75kg?	High triglycerides Change your current diet by seriously reducing your dairy products and increasing your vegetables and fruit.
6747836	The skin on the shaft and base of my penis became red, itchy, chafed w/no bumps/blisters, 3 days after I clipped in that area.What could this be?	Razor burn Skin infection/razor burn. Keep the area dry, wash with gentle soap and water, keep moisturized, and avoid sexual activity until resolved. If not improving, see a local doctor for possible antibiotic therapy.
6708602	Anxiety? I often get a sensation in f a lump of mucous in my throat and cough and cough but never get anything up feels like choking but I can breathe	anxiety checklist take a look at my anxiety Checklist. Once you have ruled out medical issues with your PCP, you should consider working w a therapist on coping techniques and issues that may be causing your anxiety.
1109957	I have a small kidney stone, CT showed liver calcification on right horn, and gallstones, my colesestal has also recently rose very high from last yr?	See a doctor Have your elevated cholesterol treated medically. Kidney stones are not related to cholesterol. Liver calcification is not related to cholesterol ; is observed unless it is associated with a mass lesion. Gallstones may be related to your cholesterol but they will not go away. Gallstones are observed unless they are causing abdominal pressure discomfort ; nausea after eating - then surgery.
597082	I was prescribed diflucan for my yeast infection two days prior, and I have a blood brownish color discharge, is this normal?	Se doctor See your doctor so you can be re evaluated.
612133	Was in hospital for headache docs thought was migraine, was given cocktail for migraine and had no relief, MRI clear, not depressed. What do I try next?	Headache doctor 90 % of all disabling headaches are migraine. See a headache specialist in your area. You can find one at www.Ache.Org.
1449225	ALS fear.Have muscle twitches random and intermittent more so in leg.no weakness.w/o weakness is this probably nothing?do the twitches precede ALS?	Fasciculations involving the tongue in addition to limb muscles would be more typical of ALS. The development of both upper motor neuron and lower motor neuron signs and symptoms is also an important feature of ALS. Upper motor neuron symptoms include increased muscle tone, spasticity, increased reflexes and pathological reflexes ( up going toe sign) Lower MN sign include atrophy, decreased tone and reflexes.
173022	What is the value of a breast ultrasound vs mammogram?	US and mammo US generally used to further evaluate mammographic or palpable abnormalities. One of the main strengths is the ability to differentiate solid masses from cysts, which mammo can't do. US may perform better than mammo in dense breasts, and is the first imaging study of choice, rather than mammo, in younger women.
1158401	I've developed rashes in various places on my body, they look like scratches and are itchy...Located on shoulders, chest, back, head, inner thigh?	If you have No other signs and symptoms , apply some lotion, moisturizers , topical steroids, aquaphor ointments , take oral histamines for itching and avoid washing with hot or warm water.
403040	How long should I expect to be out of work? I went to the ER sun and was told that both my wrists are broken 1 with radical styloid fractured potentially scaphoid fracture, the otherdistal radius fracture. I work in customer service field on the computer	The The answer could be anything from a few days to a few months depending upon how treatment is delivered. And what the defined details regarding these injuries are. If your employer allows yo to do work a t a reduced rate, perhaps they will have you come back sooner. If they demand you cannot work without a cast and you need one then that'll take time too. A lot of this is individualized to the injury and the employer and the treatment plan.
1189788	Bra rash is super itchy, red, stings to the touch, raised \u0026 inflamed. Days after still red now with bumps with black dots? What are these black dots?	Yeast Without seeing it, no one can be certain. It sounds like a monilial rash or non vaginal yeast infection. I would see your doctor, but if you can't you can try some lotrimin af and see if it helps. Again though rashes can be a variety of things, this is only a guess based on your description.
1172271	Can i take phentermine to lose weight while taking femara after surgery for breast cancer?	Ask your oncologist Letroaole (femara) is an aramatase inhibitor blocks estrogen production , may gain , Phentermine has amphetamine like effects , has several side effects , may inter react with Femara , only your doctor can advise its use.
1171833	Cardiolipin antibodies IgM and urine protein 72mg/l ? Ana negative.	See details The urine protein is within normal limits. How strongly positive is the igm cardiolipin. Only high levels of positivity have any clinical significance. Why were the tests ordered in the first place?
1092766	How verify it is pid? Pelvic done/uterus is bleeding/inflamed. Urine tested positive for blood, protein, & bilirubin. Left pelvic pain by ovary/no pas	Need to ask the doc Pid is usually diagnosed by physical exam after assessing the persons risk factors, history and lab work. It can be a very easy diagnosis and sometimes a very hard one. You can ask the doctor who diagnosed you how confident they are in the diagnosis.
731230	Im 23 and fell hard on knee running. Very swollen. Reduced rom. Grinding sound when i palpate joint line. Can fwb but painful. Should i see a doctor?	Knee injury Yes, could be meniscal tear, fracture, loose body, acl/pcl tear. Check with orthopedic surgeon.
1460234	Hello, I have a pea sized movable lump about two inches below my collar bone/near center of chest. It does not hurt but is now tender. 31, male. ?	See doctor it may be a benign cyst, but if it hurts, removing it is the answer and if it is something else they can stdy it in pathology
841524	I have 2 small round, raised bumps on my penis shaft. They are painless and brown in colour and don't look like warts or Fordyce spots?	Cannot diagnose Without the ability to examine these after obtaining a full history, it would be foolish to try and predict what these might be. See your doctor or perhaps a dermatologist.
762052	Are itchy legs a sign of early pregnancy?  As well as the feeling of a "let down " in breasts? Im expectin my period soon.	Not usual Itchy legs are not a typical sign of pregnancy. Breast tenderness is, however... This may be pre menstrual too. Good luck, whatever you are hoping for!
557710	I have had a sore throat and trouble swallowing for 2 weeks.  Went to the doc at the 1week mark and she said it was viral and to wait. Should i go aga?	Yes If it not getting better you should.
1454523	How do you heal a chemically burned vagina? It's been 4 weeks with pain is it possible I damaged my VAG for good with Monistat 7?	Chronic pain Some infections and some medicines can turn on the nerves that carry pain impulses and, once sensitized, they don't turn off easily. Your vagina itself is probably fine and there are meds for this type of problem. You need to see an OB/GYN and preferably one with an interest in pelvic pain.
1365765	I fell in feb on knees. Surgeon says it caused chondromalacia. Another surgeon reviewed notes & says it was preexisting. Who do I believe?	Does it matter?? Chondromalcia of the knee or more probably the patella (knee cap) can be present with little or no symptoms. A fall can make this condition clinically painful or symptomatic. I take it that you may have some legal concerns about the fall and whether it was responsible for your symptoms after the fall. Some conditions can be present but not cause any symptoms until after an injury.
6775226	Last month during my menstrual cycle i had sex but had taken i pill within 48hours. This month i had spotting for 3 days, followed by  lower abdomen pain, white discharge and now i have missed my periods. Can i be pregnant?	Timing is everything you should check for pregnancy with a urine test, talk to your doctor for more information, I am available for second opinion if needed
772526	Small lump left side of left breast moves and is tender. Had breast exam in december and nothing was there. Just discovered this the other day?	I would say Its a cyst. If firm, it mat be a fibroadenoma. Breast exams are non sensitive or specific, , we miss a lot and over all things. At 32 your risk of cancer is very low. I mean low. It will likely soon resolve. I don't mean 2 say cancer couldn't occur, but give it a week or 2, it'll likely go away. If not, go 2 doc, he/she will say cyst but get ultrasound 2 make sure, then likely confirmed.
269494	What could cause constipation, gas, bloating & narrow stool?	See your doctor These symptoms can't be solved in this forum. You need to see your doctor.
1405951	Rt tonsil swollen/sore, itchy eyes, stuffy/runny nose, post nasal drip. Just allergies? No fever. Dr or OTC allergy meds? Tonsil better w/Tylenol.	Probably allergies or virus, try OTC allergy meds, if doesn't resolve in few weeks see doctor. tylenol is fine too
1469633	The top of my foot and ankle have developed a rash/bumps that are flat not raised but extremely itchy.   It has been about 4 days and still itchy. I have applied hydrocortisone.  Even my daughters ezema medication (triamcinilone acetonide).  Help !!!! So	Foot rash. I was thinking of a contact dermatitis, but if cortisone has not helped it could be a fungal infection. Try some Lotrimin cream twice a day for a few days. If it gets better, continue for 2 weeks. If no improvement in a few more days, you may need to see your doctor.
658564	After doing a skin sparing and nipple/areola sparing mastectomy, followed by chemo and radiation, can the cancer return in my nipple, areola or skin?	Probably not Of course if reschedule cancer is present in the breast tissue near the nipple it can't recur and spread into the skin when this happens it is called p'eau d'orange skin and it causes red thick skin the doctors are aware of this and have elected to have your nipple and skin around the nipple spared so they are not too concerned about this event you should not worry because it is a very low likelihood giving the chemo and radiation hopefully you'll be tumor free.
569252	At random times from waist down, both of my legs and feet go numb and i can't walk or i fall. Also prickly needle pain. Please help I am nervous!	See a neurologist And have emg\ncv testing...
301678	I have a swollen place that looks and feels like a vein its sore causes bleeding after intercourse its right outside the inner lips ?	See doctor There are many different vascular lesions or blood vessels that can appear in the genitalia. If the lesion is sore or bleeding, it first needs to be checked out to make sure it's not a skin cancer or treated because of the bleeding (ie: with electrocautery, removal, or lasers). See a gynecologist or dermatologist.
6625633	Can sciatica or pinched nerve cause burning pain in the popliteal area and pain down calf? X-ray normal, ultrasound knee-groin for DVT normal	S1 nerve root pain will typically give discomfort in the buttocks down the back of the leg to the outside bottom of the foot. L5 root pain is similar with the pain radiating to the top / lateral part of the foot. L4 typically does not go below the knee. The sciatic nerve branches into the Tibial nerve and Peroneal nerve behind the knee (the branching varies from person to person). To localize see neurologist.
401837	Is it normal for my son's testicles to go up in him.  They will come down to his scrotum rarely. When i brought him for  a physical yesterday, the doctor could not feel them.  He is five years old	Unfortunately, Unfortunately, when children this age are upset or cold, the testicles can retract quite high and be difficult to palpate. However, if you are able to feel the testicles in the scrotum when your child is at home and either sleepy or in the bathtub, the diagnosis of retractile testicles becomes more likley. Although it sounds like your son has "retractile testicles", meaning they are very mobile (normal up until puberty), if your primary care provider can not reliably palpate the testicles, you should consult with a pediatric urologist in your area to determine if the testicles are retractile or truly undescended.
1028946	I have a thick callus on my foot and it has been there about 3 weeks. Cut like border is growing on one side and there is pain. What is it? Erase it?	Reduce the callous With a pedegg or similar device then dress the crack with some vaseline or antibiotic ointment daily. This should help. If it does not, you ought consider seeing a good podiatrist.
1223947	I have a chest pain in my left side but tingling in right arm and pain in right arm down my back is that a sign of a heart attack?	Heart attack pain Any chest pain in a 52 yr old person needs to be checked as cardiac in cause.
6621703	I have a rash on my chest, neck and chin that is grainy and slightly red.  I have had low-grade fever, sore throat and head ache.  What could it be?	Multiple causes There are several sources of a rash like this that vary greatly in source. Viral infections leading rashes with these symptoms are common. Streptococcal infections can lead to similar rashes. It will require photography to help clarify.
6793301	Can poison ivy or sumac grow around trees as shrubs in school yards?	Poison ivy Greetings. Yes poison ivy and sumac can grow around trees and scrubs in school yards. These plants can grow anywhere.
1530155	Used Monistat 7 for 4 days. The itching and burning have subsided, but my labia has a mild itch still. AnThe cream makes me itch worse. Should I stop?	Stop you may benefit from stopping the cream and apply olive oil around the affected area. Also use cheer free detergents, mild soaps, and non scented pads or tampons. You can apply ice pack over your underwear to decrease discomfort.
1043479	I had a sore throat last week, hurt to swallow, glands swollen, sore neck, it went away and now its back! feels like there's something back there! help?	Sire throat If you have a significantly sore throat w swollen tonsils / lymph nodes  see your medical provider ; get a strep throat test ; culture. Saltwater gargles are helpful. Mix a tsp of salt in 8 oz of warm water  gargle w this several times/day. You can gargle w aloe vera juice a couple of times per day. A mix of chamomile tea w honey ; a small amount of lemon juice is good.
6650668	Doc said he heard light heart mumer do have flu bad chest congestion no fever he said prob cause im sick had nuclear stress test 6 monthd ago normal?	Benign Murmur Likely to be a benign murmur.. . These are murmurs produced by blood flow across the valves when the valves are normal. It can happen during growth (younger days of life - such as teen age years) or pregnancy and other illness (flu, anemia etc.,) have a follow up in a few months to see if the murmur is changing in intensity.
6646280	Sore throat for 2 weeks, lump feeling when swallowing ent looked down throat with camera about a year ago and all was clear but worried throat cancer?	No Cancer of the throat, that is squamous cancer arises thru a process of premalignant changes. This is ususally seen as Leukoplakia or a white patch. Sometimes a superficial ulcer is noted but these take time to transform. If previous scope was neg. I would watch for remission or progression with nodes in neck which would require re exam.
360471	Pain in ear and right side of jaw , tooth sensitivity after sinus infection. Went to doctor and they prescribed augmentin.

It is not helping.?	How long? If the drug is nor working at all after a couple of days, it is time to change the antibiotic. Sometimes a culture can be taken to identify the bacteria involved. This is rarely necessary.
1186702	I was checked last year DVT due to swelling in my right leg and ankle. No clots found. Said it was varicose. How often should I get checked for clots?	No need There is no recommendation to check it frequently. If there is worsening of swelling or change in symptoms then it may be concerning and needs to be checked. You may wanna use ted hose stockings while walking.
1215047	Having bladder pain x 2+wks. No burning/freq/urgency/nocturia. Ua/culture, cbc/chem12 wnl - aside from esr(28), crp(9.4) ra/ana neg. Decreased energy/feel fatigued easily. See uro next wk. Any ideas?	RU sure Bladder pain Some minor inflammatory markers, which are non-specific. May not be the bladder with all other normal testing so far. Possible a uterine issue or bowel issue. Continue with seeing the dr. And be persistent with the diagnostic work up. Possibly a pelvic us or ct of the abd/pelvis would reveal something. Any problems with bowels-then get colon eval, etc.
307855	Fall onto hand, swollen thumb and palm, have i broke my scaphoid it hurts to grip and prod the bottom of the thumb, have broke scaphoid twice before?	Quite possibly The scaphoid does not take repeated injury well and is prone to non-union. I would definitely contact your orthopedic surgeon asap.
1215488	Can bcp be the cause of light cramping nausea and dizziness when a pregnancy test is negative after a month of conception and no missed period?	Yes Many women experience nausea and cramping on the pill it usually goes away after 3 months. Try taking the pill with food at night this might help.
525191	How to get rid of acne and redness?	Manage it Acne cannot be cured. Red post-acne lesions must heal on their own. You must manage it until it remits on its own. It is unrelated to hygiene or lifestyle and only marginally to diet. No "pop" cure works. Anyone telling you otherwise is lying. If topical benzoyl peroxide as tolerated has not cleared you in two weeks, get with your personal physician who can add a prescription-strength rx.
486834	Pain from knee down... On my feet for 9 hrs. Walking, bending and squatting.... When i'm at rest tends to hurt at its worst.  Shin and calf aches-pain?	Shin & calf Watch out for overuse and possibility of stress fracture. Vary your activity to include time off feet, if possible. Also weight control & well arched shoes.
663032	Preg test is neg.Period late.No fever.Nausea since jan.Occasional vomiting.Fatigue since january.Just weened son.Doc doesn't have any help or answers?	Seek another opinion Breast feeding can suppress menses. If your pregnancy test is negative, you are not pregnant. Many, many things can cause your symptoms. Depends on meds, history, exam, and full picture. Please seek another opinion.
1376166	I have had my gall bladder removed back on 3/31/14 now I'm having sharp constant pains in the lower right rib cage need at home remedies?	Need more info Pain after gall bladder surgery is not uncommon and has many causes. It is essential to call your surgeon and make him/her aware of your pain. Don't just rely on home remedies without a diagnosis.
267892	How to stop my snoring?	Avoid sedituves Avoid alcohol and other sedatives. Avoid smoking. Lose weight. Avoid sleeping on your back. If these don't work, then you need to see a sleep physician who will decide if you need a sleep study. The medical solutions include cpap, surgery and an oral appliance.
1475359	8 days late took 4 test 1 positive 3 negative. Only symptoms are dizziness, headache n lite nausea. Swollen painful breast. Could I be pregnant?!?	Pregnancy Yes. See your obstetrician for a serum pregnancy test. Take prenatal vitamins and avoid any medications or drugs that could affect the embryo.
493818	Burning around vaginal opening constantly. No stds, no itching, no discharge. Hurts to sit and burns long after urination. Help!?	Vaginal Burning Sounds to me as if you may be having some residual urine or urine leakage for some reason, which is very irritating to the vaginal area. You may get a squeeze bottle filled with room temperature water and instead of using toilet paper use this to rinse off after going to the bathroom. Dab dry gently and see if this soothes pain and improves irritation.
852887	How long do you have to wait (after sex) before testing for gonorrhea and chlamydia?	If your sex partner Has chlamydia/ gc you can go now.
62562	I have had worsening painless knee popping in the last couple of months. Am I wearing the wrong shoe or should I get it checked out?	Knee popping matters Worsening painless knee popping is worth checking. .. It's like realigning your car's headlights. Plica syndrome (correct spelling) is a fold of lining membrane getting pinched. Patellofemoral tracking syndrome, pes anseronis syndrome, it band tightness, and lower leg twisting or fibular displacement are different malalignment conditions. Pt & rehab dr evals including running gear and performance c.
849021	I'm a 25yr old obese male with high blood pressure(on medicine), sleep deprived, diagnosed respiratory effort related arousals, at times feel heavy on breath. At times, get pain when fast walking in leg?	Deconditioning Pain in your legs might be because you are not used to walking and your muscles of the legs are under initial stress because of walking but if you have been walking for a while now then there might be other reasons to it . In that case you should see a physician.
233287	My eyes& nose water sumtyms wen I go outside especialy if windy.
Its not itchy/painful & I don't sneeze. 
I don't hav many eyelashes, cud it b hayfever?	Maybe It could be allergies or hayfever, or it could just be a reaction to the cold air. You could try some over the counter antihistamines nad see if those help.
316415	I dislocated knee 2 days ago and it was pushed back in but my leg is swollen. Wow long will it be swollen for?	You dislocated your Knee cap or (patella), it take about 4-6 if you have no complications.
1247254	What is a safe OTC sleep aid for insomnia? Is melatonin ok?	Melatonin Melatonin is a very safe and effective substance for insomnia. We naturally produce melatonin in our pineal gland every evening, because the release is triggered by low light or darkness in the environment. If you are under artificial light, melatonin is produced but not released. Also, it has been found that it is an antitumoral agent. Sometimes melatonin needs higher doses, up to 20 mg is safe.
264624	Sleep depravation one night led to a chain of sleepless nights. Benadryl sleep hygiene melatonin and no stimulants won't help how can I stop the chain?	OTHER ISSUES?? Can you possibly have another diagnosis like a mood disorder ie. Depression or bipolar disorder? Speak with your physician about other avenues to pursue.
6794480	Can I take codeine 30mg zopiclone 7'5mg hydroxyzine 50mg sertraline100mg and Amitriptilne 30 mg is this ok?	Why? Where you told to take them all at once? What's your diagnosis and your symptoms? Or do you want to take a med you don't take often with your usual meds? Ask again and clarify please! There's a 150 character limit for your question, inc. spaces and punctuation, so keep it brief but complete.
6794487	Why does my rectum burn so much after I have receptive anal with a condom? I don't have this issue without condom. Am I allergic to latex possibly?	Sensitivity May be sensitive to condom material or lubricant. A burning sensation can be an allergic symptom.
261585	I have the worse anxiety when going to see a doctor. I always except the worse  diagnosis . My heart rate is always high like 140  plus and my blood pressure is always up. How can I calm myself  enough to go see  doctor?  This anxiety makes me avoid going	Don't Let it Boil Anticipation can cause the anxiety to build. Think of a pot of boiling water. You want to keep it on low so it doesn't boil over. Learn to self-assess and don't let anxiety build over a 7, on a scale of 1-10 with 10 being the worst. Free Smart Phone Apps: 1) MyCalmBeat, 2) StressCheck, 3) TacticalBreather,4) LifeArmor, 5) Breathe2Relax, 6) BioZen, 7) BinauralBeats, 8) Instant HeartRate.
1464282	I went to the doctor two days ago for sore throat and congestion, I was given amoxicillin but now I chest congestion, phlegm, and productive cough.	Virus Sounds like a virus which now has gone into your chest and given you bronchitis. Continue on the antibiotics and take otc cough meds. Drink lots of water. If the cough gets worse go see your doctor to listen to your chest
1464286	Ive had a period for a year because of Depo-Provera I stopped taking the shot 4months ago and im still bleeding I was on the Depo-Provera for a whole two years can so?	Up to a year coming off of Depo-Provera can take up to a year for women's cycles to become regular again
516377	I have degenerative disc disease dislocation of 3 lumbar discs and disc herniation at l5/s1 and disc bulges on l3/4 l4/5 my doctor says he can't op why?	Unclear You may possess abnormal films, yet not have clinical signs of nerve disfnctn. , and may do better with conservative patience. You could possess a risk comorbidity, and the benefit might be not great enough to risk surgery. Have you had prior surgery, as subsequent operations could create arachnoiditic scarring, which could be far worse. Maybe get additional opinions.
1039111	My throat or chest hurts when i breath through mouth and nose. It is hard to breathe. Could this be an asthma attack?	Hard to say These symptoms are possible but very unusual symptoms for people with asthma. You need to talk to your doctor about these symptoms.
1515149	Swollen vein right forearm.....tender when pressed....harder than it should be.....	Possible phlebitis? What you describe could be superficial phlebitis. Have you had a recent blood draw or IV these are common causes of this superficial phlebitis in the forearm. Check with a doctor. often this can be treated with warm compress and it gets better on its own.
260393	I get lower back pain that radiates to my left leg. I can feel the pain right above the knee, all the way down in my foot as well. ?	You need to See a orthopeidst or neurologist. This is sciatica or a radiculopathy. You don't want this getting any worse. Sometimes, an injection at the origin is recommended, othertimes a course of physical therapy, sometimes antiinflammatories and or short course of steroids. Pain is never good - have it checked out. Good luck.
526646	Can i get hepatitis b even if I am vaccinated?	Yes Nothing is 100%. Hepatitis b is a bad disease and we hope if you do get it after the vaccine that it will be a much milder case. I have not had a patient with hepatitis b who has had the vaccine, nor have any patients that I have given the vaccine caught hepatitis b, that i know of. I have practiced in the same community for 41 years.
503502	I have a hiatal hernia and take omeprazole. I am having awful chest and back pain/pressure with fullness and belching. Should i call my pcp?	At least Yes, but your pcp may not put the symptoms together with the hiatal hernia. These symptoms are typical of large hiatal hernias, but also make sure it's not your heart, or esophageal spasm. They will know the tests for the heart. Need an upper GI contrast study for the hernia . Maybe esophageal manometry to check for spasm. General surgeon w/ experience w/ hiatal hernia if that's it.
280786	I been having an itching sensation in my vaginal area, i'm seen a lot of discharge and I mostly think is a yeast infection. I don't know what to do?	If indeed a yeast Infection, you will need to see your physician for a script (anti fungal tablets) to treat it. In the meantime, you can use gyne lotrimin cream , vagisil and the like topically for some comfort.You can buy it over the counter.
685135	Can heart arteries harden from causes other than plaque build up?	Yes Heart is a very metabolically active organ and needs several nutrients to function well like coq10, l-carnitine, magnesium, ribose etc and lack of these will cause the vessels to have greater stiffness. Also indiscriminate of calcium supplements is causing abnormal calcifications of the whole body and arteries.
6688058	When biopsied mole comes back atypical does this mean that the mole would have for sure turned into melanoma? Have had 2 "slightly atypical" - scared!	Watch carefully Atypical means the cells are not completely normal. Depending on degree, can be pre-cancerous. See a dermatologist. Ask to have the pathology specimen re-read by a dermatopathologist. Just to be safe. If still atypical, follow the area closely with a dermatologist.
151705	What would be the cause of chronic swollen lymph nodes t/o neck for over 3 yrs. Byopsie. Neg. Tb. Neg. Hiv. Neg. Mono. Neg. Nothing else to check for?	Chronic condition Then, probably you dont have to worry too much as long as you follow up with your doctor and make sure to tell your md if you think the lymph glands are bigger or if you have other symptoms. Chronic infection like chronic pharyngitis, constant irritation on your throat from postnasal drip- either from chronic sinusitis or allergic rhinitis could give you some chronic mild swollen lymph glands.
688411	The oxycodone 10's & the percs 10-325... So is it safe to stop the oxycodone since they are the same just one is without the tylenol?	Yes In general you are correct to try to avoid taking two medications that act similarly. If you can tolerate fewer meds, this is always better, especially when dealing with opioid medications.
1318297	I Was on birthcontrol pills for 3 months. switched to depo, didn't get the shot on my period.1month later on Depo-Provera had unprotected sex, am i pregnant?	Not Likely It is possible to get pregnant with all of these methods, so only a pregnancy test can give you the real answer. However, it is unlikely you would become pregnant after stopping the pill and starting depo right after your period.
1580595	What is HPV genital wart caused from ?and how to cure it ?	Prevention Is Key Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) causes genital warts, is sexually transmitted. Over 40 types infect the genital tract; over 14 have high risk for development of cancer. Treatment of warts includes cryotherapy, chemical destruction; however cancer risk may remain. Vaccine (age 11-26 yrs) prevents certain high risk strains; most effective if given before sexual debut. Condom use can prevent all strains.
868652	I get joint flare ups of wrist, elbow and fingers and on both sides, only in summers. The blood test came positive for RA but it was dismissed as a non-standard test. Why does it happen?	See below You may be having be having episodic or palindromic rheumatism which can be a precursor to ra. Sometimes seeing a patient when it is occuring, we can detect an elevated sed rate and/crp, other types we have to consider MRI or us to prove it is present. However; you may just have osteoarthritis and happen to test positive for a rh factor at this time.
1312989	I have swollen breasts and they are tender and hurt to touch. Im also having mild stomach pain and gassy but no missed period, could i be pregnant?	Yes Take a pregnancy test.
1531075	Stiff neck, weird numb feeling in forehead right at eyebrows and temples for a month. Doesnt actually hurt. Bloodtests and 2 CT normal.Aneurysm?stroke	Variant migraine You can have a migraine without pain that exhibits the symptoms you have. Sometimes a stiff neck puts pressure on the occipital nerve that arises from the base of the skull on the right and left and travels to the temples. This is called occipital neuritis. Try Naproxen, then a spinal adjustment by an osteopath combined with trigger point injections. Also migraine medication and even Topamax.
1389296	I've had a headache for about a week now. My head feels very heavy. I feel pressure all over like sinuses but I do not have a runny nose! Not sure why?	Sinus Can still have sinus inflammation without drainage.
1313587	I have a swollen left breast that is painful, with nipple discharge & blood, it itches, and lymph node under armpit is tender...see my PCP or ER.?	Call your PCP You should call your PCP and be seen on Monday morning. They should reefer you to a breast specialist for evaluation.
6690063	Got upper right wisdom tooth removed because of infection/cavity 5 days ago. Been on augmentin (3/day)for 7 days. Infections is back in location of wisdom tooth. Have doc appoint in 2 days.what wrong?	Need drainage! You likely have a dry socket that needs drainage by your dentist. Consider going to dentist sooner for quicker relief.
1575429	Had both Depo-Provera provera shot off my period and now on 8th day of missed period? Had 2nd shot 4 days ago, pregnant? Watery discharge too with bloating.	Unlikely can check a pregnancy test to be sure
1407602	Why is my hairy vagina itchy on some days? do i have an std?	Here are some ... Feeling itchy here and there is nothing uncommon, especially at hairy areas, deep skin folds like armpits, external genitalia, suprapubic region, beneath breasts, arms and legs, occasionally even at certain spots of body surface; such condition is unique and mays come and goes. But, gingerly applying steroid cream 1-2 times daily for less than 2-3 days can be very helpful. But, if persistent, see.
1231673	Headache and pressure to back of head, dizziness for 4 days straight. Could be something serious? Its a 9 month wait for MRI scan.	Diagnosis could be-- Based on what you are saying about the headache i would guess that either you are suffering from a migraine, dad tension type headache, or medication overuse type of headache since i see you are taking acetaminophen. I have never ever heard of a nine-month wait for an MRI scan. That is phenomenal but i would seek a headache specialist who may agree you may not even need a scan in the first place.
1363720	I have a mole I've always had.I thought it had got bigger went to my GP who said it was fine,don't worry. Could it be melanoma?its beige, 1colour.	See dermatologist There are 4 reasons to remove a skin mole. First, the possibility of cancerous change occurring in a mole sometime in the future (a pre-cancerous active junctional mole); second, a suspected cancerous change already present, and removal is diagnostic and therapeutic; third, cosmetic reasons; fourth, functional and anatomical changes occurring in a mole. See a dermatologist for assurance
1292371	My friend has diabetes. She has a fever back pain(near kidney) high blood sugar and had blood in urine recently. What's wrong?	Diabetes Your friend should call the doctor and get medical attention as soon as possible. You are describing a serious illness that needs careful medical attention asap.
1011328	Causes for intermittent pain in abdomen just below breast bone through to the back and in the left shoulder blade?	Many Causes like heart or stomach problems, pancreas or gall bladder problems, esophagus pain, rib pain or vertebral misalignment. See your family doctor for a physical exam and diagnosis.
720676	Gyn doctors, can one do jump robe exercise with urine  fibroids 4mnths   pregnant look like without damaging the liver , kidneys?I now weigh 140/150pds	Fibroids Sure, exercise won't hurt the fibroids or the pregnancy. And fibroids don't damage the liver or your kidneys.
1245787	Pain where my gallbladder used to be, yellow diarrhea 5 times a day with severe cramping and nausea for 2 weeks. Surgery was 9 months ago. Help?	Fat intake This may be related to you fat intake in your diet. Without the bile from the gallbladder to emulsify your fats, a extremely fatty meal could result in pain and malabsorption of fat consider decreasing fat in your diet.
620051	Are risks and outcomes worth surgery to r/o plri, bone fragment, unknown for decreasing clicking 30 times a day post radial head fracture 8 months ag?	Possibly Unclear to me what the issue is, however if persistent clicking is present following a radial head fracture it could be related to plri or an intra-articular loose body. Examination and imaging should be able to determine this. Surgery to "rule-out" plri is not recommended. If plri is present, reconstruction of the ligament should be considered.
620050	Yesterday i had headache pain in my eyes and sore throat today headache and really bad throat and yellow green phlegm n swollen tonsil. What is wrong?	Make an appointmrnt Make an appointment with your primary care physician.
620055	My child almost three years yesterday'he has diarrhea tonight and after drinking a glass of milk he vomiting projectile and he complain stomach cramp?	Intestinal germ These problems, for just a short time, are likely (in a healthy child) to come from a virus infecting his intestne. It is likely to go on for a couple of days. Give plenty of simple clear liquids like sports drinks instead of milk, but give small amounts frequently. If he vomits, he won't lose a lot and become dehydrated. If it goes more than 5 days or he has fever, call his doctor.
1044126	Have 99-99.4 temp since 2yrs after ovarian cyst surgery.It gets normal smtimes bt usually persists n makes me tired, lethargic n drowsy. Is it fever?	Gotten checked? Hopefully you've seen the doctor about this - it isn't normal. I wonder if you have an abscess related to the surgery?
6728820	My hand rolled under my wrist 8 days ago. Xray was negative. But, my wrist is still painful when i put pressure (not tender). Should i get new xray?	Wrist injury Not all traumatic injuries result in a bone fracture(s), but can result in damage to the cartilage, ligaments and/or tendons, which cannot be seen on plain film x-ray alone,. Also, some bone fractures are subtle. The best modality to evaluate the soft tissue structures for injury is with MRI. If pain does not improve or worsens, consult your doctor to assess the best course of action for you.
6766878	Hurt my groin 3 weeks ago. Today I accidentally irritated it more. But now under butt cheek and back of leg all the way down hurts too. What can I do?	Injury upon injury The groin injury may not have been completely healed and causing more injury compounded the felony, so to speak and you appear to be getting referred pain. My concern in the groin injuries, did you affect the ovary or uterus? I think it is time to see your family physician or OB/GYN and get examined.
1465497	Mild facet hypertrophy,lig flav thickening L3-L4,mild facet hypertrophy L4-L5,moderate facet hypertrophy L5-S1.Will joints deteriorate more?Outlook?	Signs of Arthritis What you relate are signs of arthritis radiographically speaking. I'd've expected this type of picture more from an older person or one who suffered a significant injury to that area of the back or has been doing extensive repetitive bending & similar work for YEARS. If you were to modify what you do with your back you could slow this down. If not, then, unfortunately, YES, it could progress.
730488	I'm going to lose it already these pain n my head& all these ha's r gettin to me i've had a MRI 4-18-2013& mra normal i'm scared 4 my life at this poi?	Headaches Can be frightening and extremely painful. The fact that you have normal tests is great news. Now your doctor can narrow down the kind of headache you have and offer the best treatment. If you need a second opinion, seek out a neurologist who specializes in headaches.
1518640	Looking to get off Depo-Provera , I'm having bleeding and brown discharge for over a year should I switch to nexplanon or an IUD to reduce chance of bleeding?	Mirena Mirena has the best bleeding profile of the options that you mentioned
6768988	Period came on time, but experienced nausea, fatigue & cramping, dizziness &  breast tenderness before & during period. Period blood is a dark brown.	Ans Not abnormal symptoms. Check a urine pregnancy first. If negative try Tylenol or ibuprofen a few days and heat over pelvis for the discomfort. Brown blood is old blood. The uterus must shed itself fully the brown blood is old blood from last cycle b
6790016	Why are my period symptoms so severe (headaches, nausea, diarrhea, bad cramps, mood swings, etc.)? I'm 16 and my first period occurred when I was 11.	You are lucky? Period is like life . It is not fair ,and it is full of surprises. You are lucky because this will define you . If you from a young age know how to deal with a hard balls life throw at you by knowing how to deal with the tough days during your period by embracing it and try to be normal in spite of the pain and do not use it as excuse to be like miserable .and take a lot of medicine.
28185	How many cortisone shots are too many to treat my tennis elbow?	Depends Recent studies continue to demonstrate that patients that have cortisone injections for tennis elbow often have a recurrence of pain. Cortisone tends to work best for tennis elbow that is more acute (less than ~ 6 weeks in duration) with only mild injury to the tendon. Eccentric strengthening exercises, platelet-rich plasma injection and a percutaneous tenotomy can give more permanent relief.
284175	There is a few small pimple like abressions forming on my glans and behind my glans on the superior side of my penis what is it?	PPP or Tyson's gland Correct name for these tiny pimples which usually form a ring at the glans corona is pearly penile papules. Some called tyson's glands, although they are not glands. They are harmless.
1428219	My tonsils are red and swollen. So are my adenoids and soft palate. I have a migraine, stuffy nose, a bad cough, nausea and loud/trouble breathing.	Viral Uper resporatory infection
751800	Possible causes for a headache between temples and upper neck? Heachaches not common, well hydrated, normal caffeine consumption. Suggested remedies?	Tension Muscle contraction tension headaches are the most common type of headaches. They ususally improve with analgesics and mild sedatives like ibuprofen, naprosyn with or without butabarbitol. There are many other causes (sinus infection, migraine, tic doloreaux, etc. ) and a few rare nasty things as well. If you're not getting better, see your doctor.
6611625	Mch 26 mchc 33.1 hgb 12.1 RBC 4.66 WBC 6.49 MCV 78.5  RDW 15.5 since delivery MCH and RDW disturbed? Im 8 months post partum,values stil abnormal	Work this up You may have iron deficiency or thalassemia minor, less likely something else. You have both a right and a duty to have the cause clarified and receive an explanation.
1479469	After an stress test, which was negative, I had a migraine headache for 2 days, really high HR (110) and inability to concentrate. Why did that happen?	Speculation All I can offer is speculation. I suspect your high heart rate and difficulty with concentration were direct consequences of your severe headache. The trigger for a migraine can be random for some but predictable for others. Does exercise usually trigger them for you? Monthly hormonal influence, stress, sleep habits, diet and other things may have contributed. The stress test may be coincidence.
6630604	Sore throats then high fever now crying due to itchy toes and genitals, 6 days now. no redness or bumps i can see. cream and Benadryl did not work. ?	Itchy toes/genitals It appears that something is triggering a nerve condition in the lumbar sacral spine of the child. Nerve roots of the lumbar sacral spine innervate the genitals in addition to the feet. Child should be seen As soon as possible. preferably by pediatric neurologist.
896794	Pressure in back of head worse when i sit up. Ears clogged dizzy feeling. Am i dying?	Yes. We are are all dying. Some of live like we are gonna live forever, some like it's their last day. Take a sinus decongestant that doesn't raise your blood pressure, and lets see if it helps you come back to the land of the functional living. Drink lots of water.
1475821	Periods have always been every 2 weeks and I'm four days late, sore breast, two home pregnancy test are negative, should I take another and when?	In a week Waiting another week and testing with first urine of the morning would be helpful. If your periods are every 2 weeks, you should talk to your doctor as that is very close together.
1583066	Hi Doctor, I discovered a pimple like bump on the shaft of my penis, it won't pop and I can feel a small ball inside. What is this ? Thanks	Here are some ... What you described most likely represents an overgrowth of sebaceous gland or sebaceous cyst, which is common and harmless, except whenever becoming infected. It's a good advice for not trying to pop it. I assume you're asking this Q for your boyfriend or ...
1050347	Female dizzy 24/7 abt 18mnth now. All test MRI blood test normal. Fell confuse like something going.On on my head, i try Xanax doesn't help me. Help plz?	Dizziness ? Due to brain chemical imbalance, ? Due to walking imbalance. Keep an event calendar with a careful eye to improving and worsening factors.
1231417	Tubes tired, 3 months no period, nausea, heartburn, hot flashes, fatigue, weight gain, sore breast, am i possibly pregnant?	Always possible There's always a less than 1% chance of pregnancy even after tubal sterilization. If you're missing periods, and you should not be, please obtain a pregnancy test to determine whether or not you're pregnant. A pregnancy after a tubal can be very very dangerous. It can lead to a bleeding ectopic pregnancy.
393507	Will i still need my tooth pulled if antibiotics heal the tooth abscess? I can't afford to have my tooth pulled right now, so my dentist gave me antibiotics to try to kill the infection. He would still prefer to pull the tooth now, but i said no. If the a	Yes The antibiotic is only buying time, not making the infection go away, because the source of the infection still exists.
393505	How common is jaw soreness and stiffness after wisdom tooth extraction? I'm having my wisdom tooth extracted in a few weeks. A friend could hardly open her mouth for over a week after she had hers out. How likely is it this will happen to me?


.	Everyone's Everyone's body reacts differently, however most people have significant discomfort/pain for about 2 days, then begin to improve. I have seen some patients be quite painful for a week. Be sure to use the medications as prescribed for pain and you will most likely do well.
337285	After having one ocular migraine after never having one for 50 years of life with no headaches, is it more or  less likely to get more migraines?	More likely Migraine is a life long risk. It flares during puberty, child bearing and with age. Older patients may develop more complex events. Use Aspirin to protect your brain. A thorough medical evaluation would be appropriate.
319238	Nausea, dizzy, night rr trips, some sudden right&left lower back pain and right pelvic pain. Pain is 3-4/10. Does this sound like a kidney stone?	See below It could be. You have symptoms which could be severe and should see your physician. He/she will listen to you, do a physical examinarion, run some tests, and let you know what's going on.
6788197	Sore throat started 5 days ago w very swollen right tonsil. Yesterday, swollen gums and red spot on tongue. Feel fine otherwise. Should i see a Dr. ?	Doctor can check New throat pain can be from a strep throat infection (antibiotics are needed), a cold or influenza (antibiotics usually not used), or from some other cause such as allergies or irritants. Usually, a person sees the doctor if the sore throat is bothersome, recurrent, or doesn't go away quickly (mainly to check for strep throat). Throat lozenges and Tylenol or Motrin can help decrease throat pain.
351356	Pain in thumb and first finger especially where it joins to the hand sometimes numb. Worse in the morning and I have diabetes.?	Maybe carpal tunnel Carpal tunnel syndrome is a result of the nerve being compressed as it travels through the wrist area--see pic. The symptoms often involves the thmb and index+middle finger and usually worse at night/am. Being a diabetic does increase risk of getting carpal tunnel syndrome, but i would not say that your symptom/trouble is from diabetes. I suggest consulting doc for accurate diagnosis. Good luck.
308003	My 4month old snores and wakes her self up choking, what are the chances of her having sleep apnea like i do? She also has reflux too	Serious stuff Sounds like her airway needs to be checked. Baby's should not snore. While apnea is possible, there are many other things that need to b checked soon. Consult with a pediatric otolaryngologist. ( ear, nose, and throat.) make the appointment now..Please.
1450525	Dark green diarrhea and queasy feeling in stomach. Also vomited large amounts of yellow fluid (just fluid) this morning. No change to eating/drinking?	Gastroenteritis Sounds like you have gastroenteritis. If it gets to the point where you are unable to keep fluids down, you will likely have to go to the ER to get medications and some fluids into you. I would switch to Gatorade to help you with your electrolytes that you are likely losing and hopefully it will pass in the next 12-24 hours and decrease in severity. If it doesn't, go to the ER for further eval.
351359	Pain in thumb and first finger especially where it joins to the hand, some numbness. Worse in the morning when i wake up and I have diabetes. ?	Carpal tunnel Not unique for a diabetic to have some nerve issues. Perhaps your median nerve is compressed over the wrist causing carpal tunnel syndrome. This should be readily reversible. Talk to your doctor and perhaps get an EMG test to evaluated the severity and decide appropriate treatment.
343879	What is the best method to drain a dental abscess?	Dentist or oral surg The cause of the dental abscess is the critical information that needs to be known. It could be caused by an infected nerve in a tooth or also an infection in the gum tissue. I agree with the other answers that you should not attempt to drain it yourself. The infection could spread into the surrounding tissues and blood stream, creating more complications.
598216	I have a breast lump on the outer right, by the year  2009 I have undergone  mammogram and found out the size was 4/4/10mm. Is there any cure for this?	What is it? The next step once a lump in the breast is felt is proving that it is not cancer. This will require an examination by your doctor and possibly additional testing such as a ultrasound. Ultimately, a biopsy will be necessary, and referral to a breast surgery specialist. Take the first step, though. See your doctor.
643254	Can an area of dense breast tissue just appear within a year of a mammogram and can the area disappear?	Yes, sometimes slight changes in mammographic positioning can cause what looks like a new area of density, which subsequently disappears on additional views because it wasn't really an actual change in the first place.
1037514	Fatigue headaches w vision changes nausea low appetite struggling with daily tasks. Ct of head ordered for poss brain bleed/tumor. Possible?! scared	possible migraines Ct head right thing to do. Should see an eye doctor as well. Your are very young so chance of bleed or tumor is low but symptoms of vision changes are concerning although migraines can give u these symptoms.
1030232	My ankle, knee, and elbow is swelling at the joints. The pain is excruciating. What could this be?	arthritis You have arthritis of multiple joints. Please see a doctor to diagnose and treat your condition.
492069	I had a lumpectomy for breast cancer and also had chemotherapy as it was grade 3. Now, the doctors want me to have radiations and take tamoxifen, but i'm fed up with the treatment. What should I do?	Keep going Congrats for finishing chemo! please do not stop now. If you had a lumpectomy, then you need to get radiation to help decrease your chance of the cancer coming back in the lumpectony area. If you skip rad, you recurrence rate is 30%. If you do not want to get the rad, then you should get a mastectomy. The rad is not as bad as chemo and only takes 7-8 weeks. Good luck!
213568	I have problems with my knees from several years back, maybe mild arthritis; will squats hurt or help my knees?	Likely hurt Squating puts pressure on the knees, if the knees are problematic then better to stay away from excercises that will strain them more.
6746629	I have a bump on my ear a little above my outer Tragus and my inner ear hurts  and it feels like there water in it right now. Whay could this be?	Swimmers Ear External otitis (swimmers ear). Keet ear dry. No Q-tips. Use OTC drops (ask pharmacist). If symptoms persist, see ENT doc.
1105518	I heard numbness/tingling sensation in ones hands/feet is a common side affect with chemo, is this true?	Yes This side effect is called peripheral neuropathy, and it's common. Many types of chemotherapy are toxic to nerves, and the more doses you receive the more the nerves are affected. Taxol and taxotere are particular culprits. Symptoms of neuropathy usually lessen with time once you're off the chemo... But it can take a year or two.
1458730	I've had chest pain on the left side for awhile now. I've had blood work, EKG, echocardiogram and everything is normal. Heart related? I'm 26.	More work up Persistent chest pain needs to be addressed immediately. If you haven't had one sometimes the doctors will order a Chest X ray or CT scan to evaluate persistent chest pain for a blood clot. I would consider this if you are still having pain and go to the emergency room
1550741	What would cause the tips of my thumb and every finger on my right hand to go numb, within 3-4 minutes when holding my cell phone in that hand.	Vague A thorough history, duration, length of time with the numbness, activities, prior health concerns- hard to say. I would call a Dr. and be checked- carpal tunnel syndrome, pinched nerve, other???
493622	Are oral antibiotics the best treatment for a staph infection on the face?	See below It depends what type of staph infection you are referring to. An abscess would need drainage. A cellulitis or soft tissue infection could be treated with oral antibiotics but if severe or associated with fever and toxicity intravenous antibiotics would be better until the sepsis was controlled. Mrsa infection would require different antibiotics than methicillin sensitive staph infection.
1070786	I had ovarian cyst (and one ovary) removed. When can I   expect my next menstrual period?	As previous schedule Even with one ovary you will be a completely normal woman. So if you had a regular period before your surgery you can expect the same afterward too.
1214420	Is it possible to have high levels of adrenaline if blood pressure is on low side but heart rate is high (resting 90-105) (exercising 175-200)?	Possibly There are rare disorders where adrenaline levels are high. You can see an endocrinologist to help see if you have one. The more likely explanation is elsewhere- perhaps anemia, caffeine, medications (cymbalta can do this), or heart related.
702470	Reoccurring kidney stones any what are good home remedies that work ?	Depeds on the type Kidney stones always start as tiny crystals which pass out in the urine(crystaluria). However during dehydration the crystals stick together and form a tiny stone( nidus). Eventualy it gets bigger and bigger and fills the kidney(stag horn ). Prevention is based on avoiding dehydration, this is the key, means drinking fair amount of liquids.Uric acid stones, calcium oxalate, etc drugs may help.
6711571	I just shaved one of my raised moles off with the razor on my armpit
It bled for like 10 minutes and now it's red
Can this lead to cancer?	Not likely But this is why self-surgery never really took off in popularity. Next time let a doctor do the work.
1487223	What is a reason for my body to bloat - face, hands (elbow down),
feet (knee downwards)? I have leg pains and choking feeling in throat.	Bloat Many reasons including hear issues, infection, sodium abnormality. You should see your doctor as soon as possible
1295352	I took 7 beta hCG tests from three different clinics over a period of 9 weeks since last sex. All labs gave different numbers below 1. Am i pregnant?	Psychiatry No. You are nit pregnant. There us a common mental health problem where a female believes she is pregnant despite numerous facts proving otherwise. Perhaps you should consider seeing a psychiatrist for your problem.
6651425	36yo, uterus lining is 8mm. I had had 2 miscarriages, overweight. periods are irregular. last one was in January 2015.	And your question is What is your succinct question, please.
98673	I have mono and my spleen is enlarged. Can it get larger overtime?	Not likely The splenic enlargement due to mono should subside in a matter of weeks. In the meantime avoid activities that may risk trauma to the abdomen in general and spleen in particular. If the enlargement has not subsided in three months, consult your doctor.
1187406	Dad has 10 hemoglobin, 29 hematocrit, 13.6 platelets. But all else normal: mcv, mch, mcvh, esr, neutrophils, wbc, kidney, b12, liver, etc. Why anemia?	Anemia Your father needs further medical advice and tests from his doctor to determine cause of the anemia and to treat it effectively.
1529352	Haven't felt well the past couple days. symptoms: headache, nausea, stomach crapms, spotting instead of period and fatigue. What could this be?	Many things This could be a virus, thyroid disease, pregnancy or any number of other things. Your symptoms are pretty non-specific and without more history it is impossible to say. It sounds like you need to either consult on Health Tap Prime or see your doctor or an urgent care clinic. Sorry I can't be of more help.
6716404	Is it normal to get what seem like venous lakes after pregnancy? Obgyn said what I have are moles and dermatologist just said normal. The look reddish	Cherry angiomata Are common benign lesions made up of capillaries. They commonly are noticed during pregnancy. There is no reason to remove them. If for cosmetic reasons you want them removed, they are easily ablated by laser in the office setting. They look likes red moles.
1282154	Chills, fever, sweating,  nausea, headache,  dizziness, weakness, sore throat (one side) & sweet taste in mouth.  4 days already?	Could be... Flu, sinus infection, strep, sugar issue, i'd get checked out by your doctor.
1220089	Can you know infection of gonorrhea or chlamydia through seman culture ? What is known from seman culture ?	For Bacterial Prosta Semen culture is only done to diagnose bacterial prostatitis. For diagnosis of gonorrhea and chlamydia can be done on urethral swab and/or urine specimen.
1411893	Took Ciprofloxacin for UTI and Bladder and Infection. Finished it today and noticed i still have yellow discharge but it has no smell.Negative for STD?	Not UTI symptom discharge is not a UTI symptom; maybe BV. see your doctor
6766128	I have major pressure in my sinuses but my nose is clear and it causes nonstop sinus headaches and it feels like my toungue is being pulled down?	Need more info. Hi Jessica. I hope you had a chance to read the information on sinusitis. How long have you had the symptoms? What have you taken to relieve it.? Have you had a recent cold? Any past history of sinusitis? The sensation of the tongue being pulled down is a bit of an unusual complaint. I'm not certain, given the limited information, the cause of that symptom. Would be happy to consult with you .
1520969	I am having bilateral knee arthroscopies done. Is it a  bad idea to get both done at once. I know it depends alot on what they see and do once inside.	Bad idea I think elective bilateral surgery is a bad idea. For mobility reasons, I think it's better to have staged surgery so you have a "good" or "better" leg to use to get around while the other leg is recovering.
1219817	What are names of ultra low dose birth control pills? Will they stop the bleeding from coming off the Depo-Provera shot?	Low dose estrogen The ultra low dose pills contain very low levels of hormones. I would not recommend them to stop irregular bleeding from depo provera. Please see your physician to make sure the bleeding is not from other causes.
26483	How are moles on your skin related to cancer?	ABCD's Remember your abcd's when thinking of melanoma. Look for moles with asymmetry boarders that are irregular color differences within the same mole diameter greater than 6mm also any new mole or old that starts to itch, bleed or ulcerate should be of concern. Another rule is the ugly duckling rule. Which refers to a mole that looks distantly different from the others on your body.
80587	Had ongoing vaginal discomfort, white thick discharge onion smel at times, burning, itchiness, &alot of rednes, all test for infections come back negativ?	Yeast infection? Vaginal itching and a cottage cheese-like discharge could be signs of a vaginal yeast infection. You can try using over the counter yeast infection medication (like miconazole) if you have these symptoms. If the symptoms persist after this treatment, it should be evaluated by a doctor since it could mean a different diagnosis.
227227	3wks sore spot 4in long on back of head.Feels like bruise but not.Now in the middle of it iuarter size lump with fluid.Dizzy. Sometimes itchy/throbs.?	Biopsy You need a biopsy of the area. Your dermatologist could do this could for you.
227224	3wks sore spot 4in long on back of head.Feels like bruise but not.Now in the middle of it iuarter size lump with fluid.Dizzy. Sometimes itchy/throbs.?	Lump on head Please go and visit your doctor to have this evaluated.
745178	How to determine when your kidney stone passes to bladder?	Pain resolved Usually the pain and discomfort will resolve.
227221	3wks sore spot 4in long on back of head.Feels like bruise but not.Now in the middle of it iuarter size lump with fluid.Dizzy. Sometimes itchy/throbs.?	Biopsy You need a biopsy of the area. Your dermatologist could do this could for you.
182447	For 3 years, i've had a very high +ana (all other negative labs) along with eb and flow episodes of  mental and physical fatigue,  3 months of  sharp chest pain (now resolved) dizziness, sun-induced rashes, sun sensitivity, joint and muscle pain, nausea,	Difficult to know ANA is often falsely positive; in fact, if i were to order anas on everyone in the world without assessing for the likelihood of lupus prior to the lab draw, I am more likely to have a false positive than a true positive. Certainly some of your symptoms sound suspicious, but fatigue is seen in many patients and so is non-specific joint and muscle pain. The pattern of your symptoms is the key.
514452	Neck soreness, shoulder soreness, headache and head pressure dizziness. Small pain in nose right side clear mucus drainage?	See your doctor This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
745176	Which type of diet would help me from getting kidney stones?	Water, water, water Drink plenty of water. Dehydration increases the risk of both kidney stones and kidney infections. Think of the water you drink as diluting the other substances in your urine, including the minerals that can cause kidney stones, as well as washing out your urinary system to flush bacteria out of you and into the toilet!
917288	I've been dealing with strange headaches for years. The pain is on the top and around my head. I also have ear as well as neck pain. What should I do?	Need eval There are many types of ha's- most common being migraines which can present in different forms. However with your neck and ear pain - you need eval by a doctor and likely a scan of your head if you haven't had one. It would be to eval for tumors aneurysms and other abnormalities- these are less likely.
1274426	My ANA test results are positive with 1:320 centromere. I have moderate fatigue and joint pain. What further antibody testing is usually suggested?	Positive anti Centromere antibody is highly sensitive and specific for scleroderma/crest syndrome. It could also be positive in other autoimmune conditions like sjogrens and primary biliary cirrhosis.I don't think u need more testing.Take care and god bless u! http://www.Ncbi.Nlm.Nih.Gov/m/pubmed/6384675/http://en.M.Wikipedia.Org/wiki/anti-nuclear_antibody http://www.Herbalremediesadvice.Org/autoimmune-diseases.
64605	I have white bumps on the back of my throat.  They seem like a pimple.  I can pop them with my finger nail. What could this be?	Something infectious Mono is from the ebv virus, and can cause swollen glands (lymph nodes) and big tonsils. Strep throat can do the same thing, but strep throat needs antibiotics. Some other infections can cause big lymph nodes. Tonsils that have bits of white stuff stuck in them are called cryptic tonsils, and also need antibiotics. This all means that a trip to the doctor would be wise.
6785042	I have a small painful lump  appeared on the Base of my skull at the neck line 2 inches from my ear is this related to a head cold I am suffering from?	If it is an enlarged lymph node, it could be from your infection. If the lump persists after your cold is better, show it to your doctor, because it could be something else.
1604530	Got my ears pierced aboit 2 weeks ago. Now they're really tender and painful and I've discovered a swollen gland right below ear lobe. Is it infection?	Otitis externa very likely it is. Please see a doctor right away.You need antibiotics ASAP.if the infection spreads,you will be in terrible pain.not to scare you,seek medical help.
1185935	Can you have strep throat without a fever? And possibly an ear infection as well? Worst sore throat ever for 4 days now and ear pain but no fever?	Yes You may have strep throat without fever. Can be very difficult to swallow, so bad you can't swallow your own saliva. A simple swab test can diagnose or exclude strep throat in a very short time, and you can then initiate antibiotic therapy. If you do have strep throat, you are contagious until you've been on treatment for at least 24 hrs. Get seen soon. Good luck.
1312498	My funny bone in elbow was banged lightly & it sent a HUGE sharp pain to my hand and fingers. Why?	Ulnar nerve The pain or shock like symptoms radiating to the hand are not due to a bone. The ulnar nerve passes in a groove on the medial aspect of the elbow formed by the ulna bone and the numerous. It is relatively close to the surface and when something strikes it the Pain locally travels down the arm to the ulnar side of the hand like a sudden shock.
1569031	My knee makes popping noise when walking may have twisted it in a soccer match made q pop sound and started hurting what's wrong?	Too young to post I am sorry, you are 15 years old and you cannot post on this site. Have your parents post for you, please. It's the law!
6626625	Bi-lateral Knee pain.my uric acid was at 10.7 mg/dl but no swelling or redness. I have to take allopurinol for a month.can i replace with supplements?	Elevated uric acid- -(gout), runs in families if you have minimal symptoms consider yourself lucky. The potential is there for a full blown gouty attack. Even a short lived attack can damage joints. I had an acute attack in my toe from onset 2 end of it was 8 hours. Ruined through metatarsal pylangeal joint & had surgery on it. I take allopurinol every day since, no trouble. Stopping it sets you up for this 2 occur.
1163590	Symptoms: sinus pressure, runny nose, sneezing, nasal congestion, cough. Nyquil cold n flu or Mucinex fast max cold n flu night time? Which is better?	OTC cold meds They pretty much work the same way. Cold symptoms should not last for more than 7-10 days. See a local doc if it does not resolve after that period or gets progressively worse.
1286096	Rash, fatigue, joint pain flares, muscle weakness, depression, anxiety. No fibro hot spots. Negative lupus tests. Don't see what else it could be?	Many possibilities Need more info. Where is the rash. How long have you had symptoms? Lots of viral infections, lyme disease, side effect of medication, sarcoid, rheumatoid arthritis, mononucleosis, scleroderma, B12 deficiency, porphyria, coxsackie infection, hepatitis. Suggest more blood tests. I don't want to make you nervous, it may very well be a viral etiology that will go away. I hope so.
1395801	I've had intermittent ear fullness, ringing & dizziness for over a year and the symptoms seems to get worse when I stand. ENT says ears look normal?	Need specific tests Looking at an ear drum which is normal tells us nothing about your symptoms. Is your hearing normal? Is the dizziness lightheadedness or true vertigo? You need a full workup to rule out blood sugar problems, blood pressure problems or thyroid problems. Your symptoms are non-specific and the combination of ear fullness, dizziness, and tinnitus may not be ear but central. See PMD for workup.
6643161	I have pulsatile tinnitus. Even if pressing my jugular vein stops the sound in my ear, I can still hear my heart pounding in my head. What's going on?	Tinnitus Need more info. Tinnitus means ringing in the ears and you say pounding. Please explain symptoms, intensity, frequency, duration, sudden or chronic, past history, medications, and your major concern. Otherwise see your doctor for chief complaint work up asap as best option. Good luck
1357519	I've been taking antibiotics for an ear infection and I've had a nose bleed everyday for the past 4 days can the antibiotics be the reason to cause it?	Unlikely More common causes of nose bleeds include sinus infection, allergies, excessive dryness of the nose, and medications such as antihistamines.
1330374	Can gas pain cause a sharp pain between breasts and a pain in left shoulder?   Muscular? PCP says heart ok. Fear cardiac issue.	GERD is a very common disorder. Without an actual examination, I cannot give specific medical advice on your particular health, Heart pain is typically a sore muscle . .worse w. stress, achy, relief after few moments rest. Gerd is sharp, often with food/burping/fullness. http://www.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/reflux-disease-gerd-1
675399	My MCV 65.7 MCH 19.6 mchc 29.9 haemoglobin 8.7 RBC 4.43, doctor prescribe me iron tablet for 3 months and after 3 months do another blood test, is it ok?	Sounds like A good plan, assuming iron studies confirmed that was the problem, and there is no thalassemia.
654711	Off &on for 2 weeks flu symptoms w/ no fever. Bad in mornings & evenings. So tired.  Throbbing headache. Sore throat. Sinus?  Time to see my dr?	Time for visit If this has been intermittent for 2 weeks then its time for an examination.
6697188	Hey doc, so I've had this "rash" for some time now. A few weeks actually. My friend had scabies and I was around him a day or two after treatment and then a week or two later I start itching on my legs ankles backs if my knees and nowhere else really. I t	Rash Scabies is very contagious. You need to see your doctor for treatment with permethrine cream to apply as directed & repeat in 1 wk, also benadryl & hydrocortisone cream can alleviate the itching but permethrine cream is the main treatment. Wash clothes, towels & sheets in hot water & dryer. Use ironing as needed. Itching usually persists for a while after treatment.
1456539	I've been having shooting pain down the back of my left arm between the shoulder and my elbow?	Pain Make sure there is not a pinched nerve in the neck with proper physical exam and possible MRI and/or nerve conduction test
1101506	I have my wisdom tooth coming in a little crooked so it scraped the side of my cheek and created what i think is a canker sore. It's really bad....	Saline rinse, gel To treat your current problem, saline rinses and oral gel for canker sores from pharmacy. See oral surgeon for assessment of wisdom tooth including discussion of extraction.
697231	I have family member who has diabetes and high blood pressure .Yesterday and today i wake up with tingling in my head leg and hand i check my bp160/110 and today my blood sugar is 115 what can this be?	Go to doctor Worth a complete evaluation, and measurement of you BP once per week three times.
6760431	Diagnosed w/ectopic preg @ 6 weeks With no definite signs just no baby. But Doc saw small fluid pocket in uterus what could that be?	More detailed If you were definitively diagnosed with an ectopic pregnancy then immediate treatment with Methotrexate or surgery was indicated. If the doctor was uncertain due to the intrauterine fluid pocket then close follow up with BHCG levels and repeat sonograms should be done until a definitive diagnosis can be made.
349348	I missed my Depo-Provera shot on october 11th and i recently had unprotected sex on november 10th. What is the possibility i can be or get pregnant?	The usual Past 90 days you with depoprovera, you cannot count on birth control. So your chance of pregnancy is the same as anyone having sex without birth control. The rate of pregnancy in any given cycle is about 17%.
1172047	My 12 yr old son has a lymph node in his neck that has been swelling & shrinking for 4 mos. His dr said it was allergies & wasn't worried.Sound right?	Common Lymph nodes are part of our system to help fight and prevent infection. It is not uncommon for them to get a little bigger and recede from time to time. I don't think i would worry by what you are describing.
870997	Could constant diarrhea be caused by endometriosis? It happens all month - not just during my period. Stool test was negative for infections etc.	IBS It more likely to be ibs (irritable bowel syndrome) or some other form of inflammatory bowel disease. A fair number of women do have both endometriosis and ibs. It might be time to see a gastroenterologist to confirm.
1449050	I'm not supposed to take ibuprofen.  Is there something else beside Tylenol for pain? I have Ultram and hydrocodone if those are safe?	Yes Both ultram and hydrocodone are not classified as NSAIDs or non-steroidal antinflammatories, unlike ibuprofen. But talk to your doctor if you're having breakthrough pain despite using tylenol.
250706	How painful is the' knee surgery to repair a torn mcl?	Pain is subjective Some people are very tolerant of pain from surgery and some are very pain sensitive. Some do great with pain control, some have a very difficult time getting a medication that controls their pain and does not make them nauseous. Most isolated mcl tears are not surgically repaired and heal with bracing. Pain associated with the repair really depends on the technique used on the repair.
905578	Is it safe to take 50mg of diphenhydramine at night to sleep when pregnant?	Yes It is safe.
1547520	White bump inside the lips of vagina. Got all 3 HPV vaccine shots. Could this be a wart? Does not hurt and there is only one bump for 2 days now.	Here are some ... Glad you've taken all possible precaution to avoid STD including HPV shots, but there is still no guaranty and healthy lifestyle without obsession / overindulgence is the surest means to optimize personal defense immune ability so to win the first-line invisible war of life for survival,. .. Besides, practicing safe sex is the plus for more enjoyable sex life. What you described is probably ok..
1552848	My collar bone are swelling.2months ago I clean my room..after two days my right chest are swelling.my doctor said it was tendinitis?	Sternoclavicular djd Another considration is SC joint arthritis
1552847	I took  one Tylenol regular strength around 10am, the I took two advils at 5 pm, in the evening I had 2 glesses of wine, can I take more advil?	Ibuprofen I'm not sure how many hours ago you took your last ibuprofen. You can repeat the dose every 4 to 6 hours. Why are you taking the Tylenol and Advil? Ask another question with more details on why and we can help more.
694529	What percentage of people with a positive ANA nucleolar 1/160 titre will eventually go on to develop scleroderma? Would love some reassurance!	Risk is small The presence of an ANA has little predictive value if you have no symptoms or signs to suggest scleroderma. The risk is small.
362644	Hi, blood test results back and my globulin levels are 37g/l and believe this is above range- what can it mean? My albumin levels are 38g/l	Insufficient info There are many components in the fraction called globulin and you need serum protein electrophoresis and may be immunofixation to resolve the identity of the protein that is increased.
278584	Taken a pregnant test negative. Symptoms are food aversions, breast tenderness, nausea, fatigue. No sign of period early last month late this month. ?	Blood test Sometimes, urine pregnancy tests are not always accurate. Do a blood test just to be sure. Also, keep in mind that many pregnancies (chemical pregnancy) go undetected.
810778	Hands swelled after walking and numb .Have high blood pressure and hart mermer . What caused this?	Swelling You need to be checked by the doctor to evaluate your swelling. You could have several problems and exam and imaging studies may be needed. To get swollen hands you need high right heart pressures or bilateral venous obstruction among other considerations for instance.
6708819	Have had a bad headache and dry eyes and runny eyes and sinus pressure for a week now ent said no sinus infection what else can it be maybe now it  be?	Eye related... problems are a possible cause. Maybe your allergies, dry eyes, possibly pressure within the eye, or eyestrain. I would try using over-the-counter artificial tears and an anti-allergy eyedrops like Zaditor for a short period. If no significant improvement would definitely see an eye doctor for diagnosis and treatment. Good luck!
1534034	Trying to stop using alcohol to control sudden anxiety from adhd. On Adderall for 3 years with success. Xanax or Valium option. Pls no addicton respon?	Seek medical help Depending on how much and how regularly you drink alcohol, stopping abruptly can be dangerous or even lethal. If you are a heavy drinker, and want to stop, you need to seek medical help. Based on your drinking history you may need to "detox," which involves the use of scheduled or symptom-triggered benzodiazepines to manage withdrawal symtpoms in an environment where you can be medically monitored
336061	I am having pregnancy symptoms before my period nausea, fatigue, cramping, back pain, white discharge is it possible that it is all in my head?	Or in your uterus Sexually active? Could be pregnant. May simply be vaginal yeast infection, could also be sexually transmitted disease related. Get a home pregnancy kit, and see md.
1592602	I have,3, 1-2 CM lymph nodes in my neck and 3 n my groin area,since birth i have 2 swollen lymphs in groini can feel them,am i normal?thx!	Lymph nodes Lymph nodes are normal structures and help fight infection. Nodes that have always been there, feel rubbery, and don't change in size are normal. Nodes that enlarge, are very hard, and don't move are more worrisome.
719764	Badly infected tooth had failed root canal & apicoectomy had it pulled tues novacaine,  on doxy since sat, feeling nauseous and dizzy since last night?	Dizzy Make sure to hydrate (drink to replenish your electrolytes ie; gaterade, powerade) you could be dehydrated. Take the medications with food and drinking alot., in your case don't wait see a physician immediately to rule out other possibilities.
281004	I've missed my period, my breast have been sore, been tired lately , my abs are sore and just caught a cold is that signs of pregnancy?	Yes All of the symptoms you describe can be associated with pregnancy. They don't automatically mean that you are pregnant, but pregnant women often have those same complaints. Definitely take a home pregnancy test if you are worried.
1363658	My father is a gbs patient with a tracheostomy n has had no heart condition. But from the past two days he says his chest is tight. What could thatbe?	Other suggestions There could be a mucus plug or granulation tissue blocking the tube. If the problem is lower in the airway, then a test dose of albuterol to open the airways can be given through the trach tube.
1076952	Circum penis, 3-4 small flesh coloured spots on foreskin, had for more than 5 month, went to clinic and got told they don't look like warts, any idea?	Pearly penile papule Are possible (love the alliteration).
36780	Will I need an arthroscopy if a doctor thinks I have chondromalacia of the knee?	Usually not Chondromalacia patella. This responds well to therapy, activity modification and nsaid's.
295735	I've had mirena for about 3 months. No periods since placement until now and obgyn found what may be a uterine cyst during a pelvic exam. Pregnant?	Did u check a test? Pregnancies with Mirena are exceedingly rare. Not having periods is a normal side effect of mirena. A uterine or ovarian cyst is not a symptom of pregnancy. Anytime you think you might be pregnant check an over the counter pregnancy test and you can relieve your anxiety.
1594469	I have tiny bumps on my feet that are yellow, skin is peeling too. Sometimes itchy. When it's dry and I can pick it off. What is this? How to treat it	Probably Athletes foot...tinea pedis. Get an otc anti fungal and apply to affected area for 4 weeks.
14651	Is cellulitis a staph infection?	What's the cause? Cellulitis is basically a visible inflammation (itis) of the skin and soft tissues (red, hot, swollen and tender) . It can be caused by many things including sunburn (radiation), trauma (sprained ankle) or poor vein circulation (stasis dermatitis). It need not be caused by bacteria. If you have repeated episodes of this, get to a wound care or vascular specialist, the diagnoses you have is wrong.
6638183	I have been sneezing and have a very runny nose and congestion for two days also hoarse voice. What do I have?	Rhinovirus Most likely a viral cold. Get plenty of rest, drinks fluids such as water and tea. Try irrigating your nasal passages with saline nose spray or neti pot.
849279	My jaw feels weird for around 15 sec a few times a day (swollen like) for and i hear sounds in my ear at the same time. No pain. Can it be anxiety?	Likely anxiety & Psychological. If there's no ear pain, discharge, fever or impaired movement of jaw, i won't worry about it. Enjoy life and seek a passion and purpose in your existence! http://www.Buzzle.Com/articles/clicking-in-ear.Html.
1128998	Have symptoms of MS (blurry vision, pain, fatigue, muscle weakness) but have normal evoked potentials. Brain MRI w/ white matter changes? Still be ms?	Recommend: Your symptoms are nonspecific and could be due to many conditions. Mri lesions could be due to migraine or prior head injuries, and your doctor could describe whether the pattern is consistent with a specific cause. I no longer use evoked potentials to confirm ms, and rarely use for any reason. If things seem unclear, a lumbar puncture may be useful. Discuss all of this with neurologist.
619386	What are the symptoms for gonorrhea, chlamydia of the mouth? Dnt have any! would just like to know?	Let me explain People get gonorrhea by having sex with someone who has the disease. having sex means anal, vaginal, or oral sex. The affected throat resembles a strep throat with redness and occasionally may have some white spots or whitish/yellow discharge. Chlamydia is the most commonly reported std in the United States. Patients with oral chlamydia can develop a sore throat like symptoms.
6783275	On birth control pills day 1 of period  its been 2weeks i have not stop spotting dark/clots of period..sexual contact in between after 7th day normal?	Breakthrough bleed Breakthrough bleeding (bleeding at the wrong time) is very common on birth control. It happens in about 1/3 of users. Its no big deal and usually self corrects over time. If you are not satisfied or it continues to happen then consider using a different birth control method. It is a common side effect and does not mean something is wrong or that the pill is not working.
1037152	Having nausea last 2 weeks I have nerve pain all over my body. Random headaches. And feel like there's pressure inside my head. Is it a brain tumor?	Not likely The nerve pain described is very non specific. Headaches can be associated with nausea and a pressure sensation inside your head. This could be a simple variation of your migraines, a viral illness, or even associated with a reaction to stress. A brain tumor will usually give more focal neurological signs and symptoms. However, see a doctor, given the duration of symptoms.
1480193	Im a singer and recently got my vocal chords looked at. They're great but are swollen. Doc perscribed nose spray and omiprosal. Still swollen? Now wat	Voice rest. I'm assuming the medication that you were given is omeprazole which diminishes the acid. To better answer the question of what to do now you have to figure out why the vocal cords are swollen. They could be swollen from a viral infection. They can be swollen from overuse. They could be swollen from acid reflux. If your usual family doctor isn't helpful for this you may consider visiting a ear nose and throat specialist.
690183	Hi. I hope you can help me. I missed my period. Took 2 tests - positive. Went for ultrasound, nil. Blood test hCG result in 5 days. Am i pregnant?Help	Yes. Ultrasound will not show anything this early in pregnancy. Wait for results of blood test.
1358866	Is cipro safe to take for 3 days to treat UTI if i have MS and low Blood pressure? Low resting heart rate and palpitations. I get SVT every now and thn and very sensitive to meds.	Questionable choice tendinopathy and rupture are significant morbidites associated with cipro, sometimes occurring months after taking the medication. A less broad spectrum antibiotic with re-checking the urine by dipstick for leukocytes and WBC's in three days. Choices include doxycycline, TMP/SMX, and nitrofurantoin. These are typically taken for longer times-7 to 10 days, but are a safer for uncomplicated uti.
102840	Knee arthroscopic surg. Aug.9 cannot walk/do house chores w/o major pain. Oa, 49. Do I need injections or knee replacement. Pain moves around kneecap?	See below my opinion Studies show no long term benifit from inj or arthroscopic washout for oa i suspect if you have had early failure of scope for knee oa you haveend stage disease syn visc can buy you a year but why delay?
6750197	Ear infection 3wks. Cipro ear drops first, oral cipro second for 10 days. Eardrum ruptured, black/green/white pus coming from ear.When will it go away?	Middle ear infection with ruptured eardrum, that would need the right antibiotic, right dosage for proper duration, your treating doctor can only decide that, meanwhile make sure you keep it clean and dry, and plugged when showering, avoid swimming for now,
175257	Do birth control pills offer any protection from sexually transmitted infections (stis), including hiv/aids?	No No, they don't. You still need to use condoms even if you're taking birth control pills.
1455846	4 days late on the 21i started bleeding n still r bleeding heavy I've been sexually active the 6&12th what's going on am I still pregnant on my cycle?	See details If you are 4 days late and sexually active, pregnancy is always a possibility. This type of bleeding might be associated with a miscarriage. I have also seen a normal pregnancy start out with a lot of bleeding. If you are not pregnant, it is most likely caused by an anovulatory cycle. See your gynecologist, for a pregnancy test and examination.
6747153	Low bp 80's/60's for months, pulse high 100's, dizzy spells & headaches, extreme fatigue...what gives?	MD You sound like you are having orthostatic changes. Possibly due to inadequate fluid intake. Take more fluids, See MD.
6679574	I've been taking about 500 to 1400mg of OTC diphenhydramine hcl daily for about the last 6-8 years and have stopped. How can I stop the ITCHING!!?	Find out the cause Consider consulting a dermatologist if the itching has been going on for 6-8 years. A dermatologist can help you sort out the cause or devise a treatment program which can help control the itching. On the other hand, if high doses of antihistamine controls the itching without side effects for several years , you may continue taking it.
679299	Always have light periods for 2-3 days, the last 3 days after my period had finished I have had light bleeding(small amounts of red blood)what is this?	Get a pelvic exam This could be nothing. There's a small chance it could be something serious. At your age cancer is very unlikely, but an infection of some sort is possible. Have a pelvic exam done to rule out anything that needs treatment.
1310119	17days til af cramps, bloating, watery pink discharge, tender breast, nausea? Pregnant?	Back to school? These are symptoms of infection, not pregnancy. And, remember it takes one to five days after sex to conceive a new baby. Then the new fetus is not in any physical or chemical way connected to the mother's body until ten to fourteen days after conception when it is big enough to have blood and chemicals to share. Thus any symptoms before a missed period are not pregnancy symptoms.
118815	Mom sometimes gets a painfull sensation in her hand little finger. It looks like a visible clot, the finger goes numb. It gets normal later.Problem?	Color Changes? Does the finger turn colors - what are they. Is there anything that provokes these changes? Cold? Stress? This could be raynauds. Is the elbow painful? The little finger is innervated by the ulnar nerve which can be injured - the "funny bone'. How does she approach its treatment? Her evalaution will clarify these issues.
1544729	Vibrating feeling in legs. New onset of painful joints. Hips knees and elbows. Knee will swell at times. No injury. 33 year old active female. Help!	Joint swelling Joint swelling and pain in a young female without trauma may indicate an inflammatory process, autoimmune disease, or maybe even a viral infection. If this persists and does not respond to simple anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen or naproxen, see your doc.
347564	Osteoarthritis through to osteomyelitis had ten CM bone removed grown back painful knee joint can't walk on it hip pain too x?	Have it evaluated. You may need further treatment.
6731136	Is linox 600 effective for cellulitis and to fight staph bacteria.pls help.	Frequently Yes, it can be effective, but many other factors go into how well an infection responds besides just the antibiotic. Diabetes, nutrition and the location and size of the infection all are important factors to consider. Sometimes other treatments, like surgery also help.
6613223	I had BV so my nurse gave me the vaginal gel I caught a yeast infection I took Monsitat 3 and it dosen't seem to work can I take terconazole 3 now ?	Yes Monistat fails a significant percentage of the time and was placed over the counter. Terconazole is much more effective.
1030335	Doc says I have facial eczema, prescribed elidel, using it for 5 months. It is not helping. Red, itchy blotches appear daily. I don't think its eczema?	Face eczema. If it is on the eyebrows and nasal groves, (and even hairline) it could be sevorrheic dermatitis and Ketoconazole Cream would work for that. Esp if red and scaly.
280668	I am having some white/clear discharge. I am between ovulation and period. No spotting or bleeding. Wondering if this could be a sign of implantation or pregnancy. No cramps either.?	See your doctor Discharges need to be tested and visualized under the microscope to be appropriately diagnosed. See your doctor for help.
664923	Based on my previous question about possibly having strep throat.. I have a sore throat red swollen with white bumps them in back of throat. Mono?	Depends It is hard to distinguish one from the other without being able to do lab tests and a physical exam. You are right, the differential is either a bacterial pharyngitis (of which strep throat is one), or mononucleosis, or even another viral pharyngitis. See your doctor to verify.
342655	I've had ACL reconstruction and the foot on that leg tingles and hurts really bad. Nothing else is bothering me, no pain in the knee. What could the reason be?	Check With your surgeon. You need to be checked for a blood clot.
1443486	Don't know if I have yeast or candida yeast infection. Taking Monistat n probiotics. Should I go on candida diet just in case???	Candida Candida is a form of yeast - if monistat is not helping, you may want to see a gynecologist for prescription medication and to do more detailed testing.
91071	I've had constant migraines and headaches for 6 years and doctors don't know why but lately when I get a migraine I get realy bad chest pain too ?	Heart or stomach ? It is important to rule out atherosclerotic heart disease. Tryptan class medications used to treat migraines can cause coronary vasospasm and chest pain especially in patients with coronary artery disease or prinzmetal angina. Also if you are using a lot of NSAID class drugs such as ibuprofen, it can cause gastritis or ulcers which can masquerade as chest pain. Please talk to your doctor soon.
1155921	2 red spots, 1 on each fore arm, not itchy, painless, clears when the skin is pulled/stretched, not pimple like, dry, flat, slightly raised, HIV rash?	Red Spots Heat, fungus, parasites, bacteria and virus can cause red blotches to appear on your arm. Rosacea, psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, eczema and shingles can cause large red patches of skin to appear and become itchy and uncomfortable, hives, cellulitis and insect bites can create red splotches of skin that become irritated. See your doctor for a diagnosis.
1565042	I have pain in my head on the right side above the ear it feels like a tight feeling sometimes sharp i feel dizzy lightheaded wen i do fast movement?	See doctor soon for severe headache and don't do any fast movements to make it worse until you're seen. It could be due to neck issues or even lower back. You could benefit from seeing a cranial osteopath too to have an evaluation to rule our musculoskeletal conditions that could be affecting it. They can treat it as well, before seeing your doctor to see if you can get relief.
6648507	Ear popping and pressure (mostly around temples) along with mild headaches (usually later in the day) and occasional pain at the top of my head.	Sounds like You may have some sinus inflammation and complicating eustachian tube dysfunction. You may want to consider a trial of Neti Pot use (as in saline irrigation for the sinuses) and safe steam exposure to see if things will open up. Otherwise a more formal HealthTap Prime consultation will allow for better guidance. As always if your symptoms worsen, see your doc in person.
1114284	Period 19 dec for 6 days instead of 5 days.  Sore breasts, and flu like symptoms, increasd appetite.  Could i still be pregnant?	Not likely If a period is normal to longer than usual, it is unlikely to go along with a pregnancy. If a woman is early pregnant any bleeding around the time of her period is usually lighter and shorter than usual. However if you are concerned you can check a pregnancy test to see what it shows.
1442283	Does lupus take months to diagnose? Waiting for ANA C3 C4 and am concerned. Esr norm. lupus is scary but I'm ready to find a solution to my pain	SLE No. It should not take more than a day or two after your history and physical exam by a doctor to get back the lab results which may aid in the diagnosis. This should never take months. You may want to discuss this with your doctor or find a second opinion.
1380446	32 weeks pregnant sore and irritated when I whip down there with tissue and itchy afterwards then swollen up so is this normal?	Not normal It sounds like you may have a yeast infection. You can try an OTC antifungal medication and see if it helps. If not, you need to see your OB.
710165	What can I do if my husband has a swollen ear, sore neck, chest cold and swollen lymph nodes?	Viral infection He has a probably viral infection.
1457076	I feel sleepy and tired,uterus feel cramps n movement feeling full n constipation n breast full n feel vomiting n dry cough. AF ended 3day early. Why?	See a doctor You have a lot of symptoms that do not connect with each other. Vomiting and Constipation need to be evaluated. Breast being full may be related to menstrual cycle. Dry cough may be related to vomiting. Sleepy and tired is usually associated with not being well. Please see a doctor
1472410	Got my regular allergy shot yesterday early am. Next day afternoon and still have large red welt that is painful & is radiating to my shoulder & elbow?	Consult your doctor The red welt at the site of injection may be due to shot you got . This may be due to reaction ,or bleeding or infection coming up.Better talk to your doctor and get the treatment
620530	I have a red, sometimes itchy rash on the palm of my hand that flakes skin sometimes. It's been there about a month. Eczema?	Its possible. There are many types and causes of skin rashes. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
137853	Bit by a tick on back of head a week ago, no rash, sore neck, swollen lymph nodes, flu like symptoms, soreness only getting worse. Should I go to er?	No You should see your health care provider on a non-urgent basis if there is any concern. This is not a problem for the emergency room.
6757347	Hello Doctor. I have very itchy white lumps growing on my hands feet elbows and legs they are really painful to touch. What are they?	Best way to diagnose is to take a few high quality pictures of the rash and upload to Helathtap doctor on call via video. Best wishes to you.
1400403	Sensitive spot on top left/back of the head. Sore to touch. Also Hurts when i chew, swallow or move quickly. + Sensitive neck (feels like a sunburn).	See MD Hard to tell without examination. Could be due to infection or musculoskeletal issue. Sometimes shingles can give a burning sensation. I'd have it looked at by a physician
600312	What are alternatives to zometa/xgeva for bone loss/sre prevention in breast cancer, bone mets that do not decrease calcium? Thank you.	Not much else The alternative is avoid both and not take anything as there is nothing else available that helps. But low calcium is of no consequence especailly with zometa.
659861	I am 22, my heart rate gets up to 193 when i'm not working out at 80%. I also have a pressure headache, dizziness, chest pain and shortness of breath ?	Heart rate If you mean your heart rate gets to 193 at rest, then you should see your doctor and get checked out.
696003	Chances of having an ectopic pregnancy if i've had one natural miscarriage at 6 weeks? No live births. Miscarriage was confirmed in uterus via u/s.	Low If no tubal disease or compromise, one is < 2-5% likely to have ectopic.
1141404	My son is 9, he has low blood pressure and is very pale. He has headaches everyday, what could it be?  His pediatrician wants him to see a neurologist asap & sent for blood work. Should i be worried?	Be concerned A child having headaches everyday needs to be checked out especially if they are waking him up from sleep. An endocrine condition may also give you headaches and low bp, check if he is on any other medicines. A simple set of blood tests will help determine if there is anemai or other simple issues so by all means get it checked out. If all is negative it could be some stress at school or home.
569440	Why are my forearms, elbows and wrists hurt so much after having neck surgery?	Position intraop There are several possible reasons, but positioning during surgery is a common one. Every effort is made to make sure patients are padded, protected and comfortable during surgery. You are in one position for a while, discomfort can occur in those areas where more weight was distributrd.
1274161	My butt itches almost exclusively in the middle of the night/early morning, maybe related to dampness. There is no visible rash or even much redness. What antifungal or other cream/powder to use?	KEEP AREA DRY Lotrisone.
569442	Can you have a yeast infection with no symptoms?White discharge no infection no STD how can I get my vagina balanced so i can have normal discharge?	Yes Many women have discharge without other symptoms. In general we look for itching and odor. Testing is needed to determine the exact cause and then create a treatment option. Yeast and bacterial vaginosis are the two most common non sexually transmitted causes of discharge. Testing is needed to know which is the cause.
6721187	2 days pre period.Dizzy,tired,nausea for about a wk. White shiny discharge. Slight Cramping. Preg or pms sx? Cervix is high and closed.	Could Be PMS. If you miss your period do pregnancy test
512312	I have this swollen little bump in the way back of my throat on the left side. I have to turn my head to the right to see it. Is this normal?	Depends It could be normal anatomy of the region. It is true however that anatomy favors bilateral symmetry. If the condition worsens or you are worried consult with an md, especially an ENT (otorhinolaryngologist).
26159	When is surgery necessary for ovarian cysts?	See below Many ovarian cysts resolve on their own but surgery may be an option for some ovarian cysts. This depends on your symptoms, appearances of the cysts on ultrasound, and whether the cysts have been growing or persistent over a few menstrual cycles.
651637	A white spot in pubic hair treatment and medication advices i needed most. Sometimes it was itchy and when scratch flakes occurs .	As above See u pcp for evaluation and work up and if needed , he can send u to see a dermatologist.
504480	I have painful swelling in my right leg & ankle with no signs of redness or heat & only some slight itching. The pain sometimes travels to my groin.?	Get examined right a Cannot answer this on line. You need to see a doctor. Would get medical attention very quickly. There is a possibility there could be a blood clot causing swelling in your leg.
1168747	What can cause nausea and early satiety after some meals, cold hands and feet, dizziness and nausea upon standing, tiredness and low blood pressure?	Need an internist You may have an autonomic nervous dysfunction and you do need to see a doctor.
1425746	I have been extremely dizzy for the past week, made worse when moving at all, and rest does not help. Diarrhea, Upset stomach, nausea, headaches?	Vertigo You may have vertigo or an inner ear problem. You need to check with your physician because their medications that he or she can give you for this condition. Also need to be evaluated to make certain the correct diagnosis is found.
1605802	I am 27 weeks pregnant and I have a red rash on my stomach and it is a little raised. It itches also.	Rash It could be a variety of things from PUPPS to hives to scabies. Only way to know for sure is have it looked at. In general though you can always take benedryl to help with itching and/or some over the counter hydrocortisone may help until the rash can be evaluated.
591298	Can parkinson's. Medicine give me  highbood pressure 
i taking mirapex. 1.5. Mg amantadine 100mg azilect. 1 mg. ?	Doubtful Your meds would more likely result in low blood pressure or even postural hypotension.
1030535	Why do I feel pregnant but i'm on the Depo-Provera shot my lower stomach feels heavy & sensetive , i feel hungry in the am & i pee a lot , & sore boobs?	DEPO You are experiencing normal depo side effects. These symptoms are caused by hormones not pregnancy. Depo is playing with your hormones so that you do not ovulate. You are not pregnant.
630078	Had heart attack 5 yrs ago, had stent put in a coma for 3 days. Last month, have difficulty breathing, arms/legs weak or heavy, numbness in hand
?	Please see an MD Those are concerning symptoms. Please see your md.
360395	Periods 2weeks late, had a yeast infection the first week, treated it, day after pink discharge when iwhipped for 3days, abdominal pain&fatigue pregnancy?	Pregnancy test No one on here will tell you if you're pregnant or not. You need to have a pregnancy test.
1188912	Can you have rhinoplasty if you suffer from sinusitis? Would the surgery aggravate the sinus? Would you even be able to sneeze	Rhinoplasty/sinuses Functional rhinoplasty may help improve your sinus issues. Be sure to have your nose evaluated by a board certified facial plastic and reconstructive surgeon with expertise in nasal surgery.
233614	Could I be preg? Neg hpt, pcos, on metformin, last period was 9 weeks ago w/ spotting 6 weeks ago. I now have nausea tender breasts tired and other sympt.	Doubtful If your pregnancy test is negative, you are not likely to be pregnant, and if you have conceived and your pregnancy test is not yet positive, it is not likely that the symptoms you feel are related to a pregnancy.
6773522	What could cause me to wake up with a headache, eye ache, and ear ache  only on the right side of my head every morning?	Exam this could be a double sinus and ear infection. Please get examined and treated today!
1465011	I am on amoxicillin for my wisdom teeth and my mom is on cipro for a kidney infection. I accidentally took both together, will I be ok?	Amoxicillin + cipro Unless you have an allergy, taking a single cipro tablet while on amoxicillin most likely will not have any untoward effect. Consider keeping your medication in a separate location and read the label before ingestion.
6630634	So scared I'm going to get breast cancer from CT angiogram of lungs for blood clot! It was fine. Saw article that said 14% increased risk?? 32 female.	If you dont smoke the risk is minimal
842841	I have UTI from last yr october an it won't go my gyno gave me cipro caz my urine culture say ecoli .My urine still look foamy .He told me if cipro no work he will give me a low antibiotic for mths.	Have it checked out Your symptoms may not be infectious bladder infection. If this has been going on for a year then you need to have further work up with a urogynecologist or urologist. If it truly is a UTI then they need to figure out why this is chronic. Long term antibiotics may be necessary.
6727370	Can TMJ cause ears hissing/ringing? Ear dull aches and ear itching? Laying down moving jaw forward changes sound. MRI of ear and brain were good.	Yes Take home test! It sounds like you have a TMJ problem. The reason the sound changes when you move you jaw forward is you are moving the condyle down and forward freeing the joint to function normally. When you do this usually the sound goes away. (clicking and popping) A good test is to open an close and listen for clicking and popping.Then bite on a cotton tip applicator (Qtip) open and close-no more noise.
747840	My hair started to fall more and I am afraid i will get a bald head. I would like for you to give me treatments? I am only 23.	Must see Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This way you can get the correct answer.
365457	I am 33 years old. My symptoms are: bloated all the time, chills, headaches, nausea, lower back pain, swollen abdomen and lots of gas. I feel dizzy in rare cases. What could be the problem?	See dr May be your gallbladder.
105835	Lump and ache pain  behind knee. Bakers cyst or tumor or varicose vein?	Knee problems The vast majority of aches and pains in the back of the knee is from the knee itself. Most commonly, it reflects tendinitis of the hamstring muscles, which is extremely common with quad muscle weakness in the setting of a knee injury. The other common source is meniscus injury or cartilage injury. A baker's cyst is a reflection of such knee problems and is often the source of fullness or a lump.
1033817	What the difference between amoxicillin and clindamycin?	Different spectra Amoxicillin and Clindamycin are both antimicrobials used to treat bacterial infections. (antibiotics.) they have different uses based either on the known sensitivity of a given bacteria or based on the place in the body where the infection is located and the predicted (educated guess) most likely bacteria to cause that infection.
6761290	Red/purple rash on foot on holiday, not itchy but very tingly, rash has burning sensation in sun, entire foot swelling to large size nochange in4 days?	Skip the Flannel. Sounds like you came in contact with more than you bargained while on holiday. You best bet is to have it evaluated by a doctor, before potential tissue break down begins.
228216	After how many days after getting infected by virus of herpes zoster or chicken pox can a man fall ill?	14-21 days After exposure, a susceptible individual whether exposed appropriately to chickenpox or shingles, chickenpox will develop with a mean of 17 days.
1313970	Period due today , cramps , stressed , lower back pain , protected sex 2 weeks ago , I'm I pregnant or is my period on its way?	Driving ourselves You cannot be pregnant if there was no sperm inside of the vagina. Cramping, low back pain and 'stress' are not in any way symptoms of early pregnancy. You have now been given accurate answers to the same question repeatedly. It is time to move on or ask a different question.
1569596	My period only lasted 3 days and is always 7or more.after it ended came headaches, stomach cramping, tiredness, dizziness also. could i be pregnant?	Possible It is not uncommon for women to experience bleeding in early pregnancy that is mistaken for a period, especially if no contraception is being used. The tiredness and dizziness are common symptoms in pregnancy, but in many other conditions as well. Do a home pregnancy test, perhaps two, and go from there, treating your symptoms as needed. Best wishes!
6739081	Hello I have had a severe ear ache for over a day now. It almost feels like my throat is closing. I can't eat anything and drinking is painful. I have only had 1 ear infection in my life and that was in january. They put me on 2 bags of Iv antibiotics and	Needs to be checked You need to get it checked by your doctor or an ENT specialist as soon as possible as it may be a recurrence of the infection and get proper follow up till it is completely resolved
740317	Should i still be able to box after getting knee replacement surgery?	Talk to your doc Talk to your knee surgeon about suggested outcome and restrictions following treatment of your specific knee condition. Many factors enter into the advice you receive.
1489120	Period 20 days late, on bcp, cramping, 6 hpt neg, took one just now, a lil blood but stopped, stomach hurts like crazy, i dnt want to be preg. Help me?	See below If you did the test correctly, at 20 days after a missed period and it was negative, you are not pregnant. Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
957921	Vagina swollen itchy red and discharge after medication? Now what	Yeast If you took an antibiotic and now have a itchy discharge, you probably have a yeast infection. There are over the counter medications available at your pharmacy.
1275386	At 41 I have minor joint pain, fatigue and ai family history. My rheum has only begun with my diagnosis. I had mono at 19. Could EBV affect antibody testing results or even replicate an ai disorder?	Wait for answer Everyone has ebv in his body and thus it is not the cause for a autoimmune disease. Ebv antibody titer increases with many disorders since the virus resides in the lymphocytes which are the immune cells. Be patient and allow your rheumatologist the time to get you the answer.
1448865	Which disorders can cause postprandial hypotension in And cardiac type pain? cardiologist believes May be disorder of autonomic nervous system	Light meals I think he is right. Try to eat light meals, lay down after your meals. Talk to your neurologist. Postprandial hypotension is not as common in young individuals, but in your case may have to do with your benign intracranial hypertension or pseudotumor cerebri.
6787761	HelloHello doctor, please does diarrhea cause you to stool black watery, dizzy and vomiting?	Could be Black could be bleeding or Pepto-Bismol. If you loose enough fluid from diahrrea and/or vomiting you can become dehydrated and get dizzy. You should see your doc right away for an evaluation.
1038115	I did mammogram for breast before a year and there was fibrocystic changes in my left breast and was not milignant. Till now I am feeling it is it ok?	Further examination Mammogram in someone as young as you are does not as well as in older woman (greater than 40). If you are feeling a mass in the breast, i recommend finding someone who can perform a breast exam and ultrasound, who can then recommend whether a biopsy is needed.
726512	I am off Depo-Provera for 7 month. I had non stop irregular period for months now I am spotting. Does this mean the Depo-Provera is finally wearing off?	Depo and menses The depo shot makes the lining thin and is a hormone injection that lasts up to 3 months. In some patients, it may last a bit longer so it appears you may be one of them. It may take a while until your body adjusts back to normal. I would monitor the bleeding and see your doctor if it doesn't come and you are not pregnant.
373274	Does an angioplasty cure coronary artery disease? Will I have to have repeat angioplasties, or does this procedure prevent plaque from forming again?	The The bad news: nothing cures coronary disease. Once you develop "hardening of the arteries" it follows you for life. The good news: with modern management it can become a chronic stable condition. Measures to consider are smoking cessation, diet, exercise and control of high blood pressure and diabetes if present. You will need to be on many pills including a statin. Even then we are talking statistics. Modern stents for example, are 95% effective which means that some people fall in the 5% group. Doing the right things minimize your chances of having to go back in the cath lab or worse.
6751490	Have had a ruptured cyst in ovary.  Sensitive nipples, constant pelvic/low back pain, pain during sex, frequent urination, nausea,  little constipatio?	Many considerations More information is needed: where are you in your menstrual cycle? Have you missed a period? Are you using contraception, i. e. could you be pregnant? Frequent urination may represent urinary infection...did you have any procedures related to ovarian cyst? These symptoms need to be reported to your doctor/PCP and appropriate evaluation performed. Good wishes:)
6633782	I'm coughing and have green mucus, stuffy nose,sore throat, headache, body aces, no fever	Hard to tell If you were in the urgent care Id check to see if you have an ear,sinus or chest infection. Perhaps being seen in real life will give more answers. Good luck
149919	For breast which is best digital mammogram or sonogram?	Both Start with mammo. See radiologyinfo.Org.
1500907	Is taking hydroxyzine 10mg every day for anxiety bad?	Usually fine Hydroxyzine can be used off label for anxiety. In low dose generally safe and non addicting.
1383468	Pain on left side and pelvic and blood in urine, whitel blood cells and protein - is this UTI? Can it be sign of cervical or bowel cancer?	See your doctor. Could be a UTI or possibly a kidney stone. Not signs of cervical cancer but you should see your doctor for a pap smear if you haven't had one in the past year.
1470156	I got stung 4 days ago by a wasp. My stomach swelled up with a noticeable red welt about 10"x5" around the sting. The redness is still there and numb?	Skin reaction to the venom the wasp injects when it stings. It can last up to a week, then should gradually improve. If you start having difficulty breathing or throat swelling, see your doctor or go to the ER. Hope this helps!
1260835	I m on zoloft+buspar+ativan+trazadon my libido very low doc add abilif1mg i feel from the ferst day very high libidowitch i love that libido well stay?	Never heard of this Effect of Abilify to increase libido, but it might persist. If not, wellbutrin (bupropion) in low doses -50-75 mg can also increase libido for some people. Your doctor can also test your testosterone and other hormone levels to see if that is responsible.
831432	Sore boobs,  cramps and bloating for two weeks and the test came back negative. Taking prenatals to start ovulating after getting off Depo-Provera shot?	Family practice Probably hormonal changes which should resolve in time. Are you on any new medication ?
240831	Can taking 50 tramadol over an 8 hour period cause you to have a seizure ?	Possibly One of the potential side effects of tramadol is seizures. Taking tramadol can lower someones seizure threshold. Having a seizure while taking tramadol does not necessarily mean you have a seizure disorder. However, you would want to avoid taking tramadol in the future and be cautious with other medications that may lower a persons seizure threshold, such as some depression medications.
1333376	I fell on my leg, now my knee hurts and my whole leg is swollen.The top part of my knee hurts should I go to a doc? Or let it heel on it's own.	See a doc sounds like problem is getting worse
558906	Falling hair and skin head itchiness?	Many possibilities Those are very common and nonspecific symptoms. A viral infection can do it, as can stress, various medications, and certain medical conditions. A good evaluation, including blood testing, by a physician will narrow down the possibilities.
110972	Doctor thinks my back pain under my shoulder blades is due to muscle weakness and suggests swimming. Sounds rational?	Yes If assessment is correct, recommended treatment is excellent.
6670875	Hi doctors, how long does plaque in the arteries take to progress into a complete blockage, when minimal now. 60 y/o male?	Many factors affect This is highly variable. The natural course is for it to slowly progress but the odds are it will never progress to complete blockage and it could stay stable or even regress and disappear. Many factors determine how quickly it progresses or regresses: your blood pressure, diet, activity level, stress, exposure to toxins, genetics etc. See http://tinyurl.com/axtab4d and http://tinyurl.com/9x3n594
6670873	I have had sore swollen lymphs all over my body. A doc said it was possible mono, tested neg. Swollen for months and knot on back right of neck. Help.	Get seen soon. As you know, this is not normal. Get seen again and get the appropriate workup based on your history and physical.
905797	Stung by bee on my shoulder yesterday, today swollen lymph node occured in armpit, is this normal reaction? No other problems just swelling of sting?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
1273352	I have had a headache for 4 days now. It is only on the right side of my head and it hurts in my ear and above and below my eye. My arm and rib also. ?	Possible sinusitis Pain above and below the eye with cough ; congestion suggests sinusitis. An ear infection is likely present as well. Initial treatment with Ibuprofen and decongestants may be helpful, but if not much improved you should see your doctor. The rib pain might be related to cough trauma, but the arm pain cause is not clear. Another reason to see your doctor.
813040	Had breast stereostatic biopsy done my results came bck benign lymph node what is dis and was wondering if this puts me at risk for cancer?	No Benign lymph nodes can be located "within" the breast tissue sometimes. It's sometimes biopsied due to suspicious appearance on ultrasound or other imaging. Since it's benign, it's nothing to worry about and there is no increased risk for breast cancer.
1544531	Off Depo-Provera 5mnths, on period 2mnths straight. Severe cramps, bleeding, pain, nausea, dizziness. Normal?	Depo Provera This is normal, especially if you have been on the Depo shot for a long time. Make sure you practice safe sex during this time until you decide what birth control method you are going to go with. If you haven't done this then make sure you have a pregnancy test donde
1531866	If toenail is still sore post surgery 1 year can patient ask podaitrist to remove the rest of the nail and the excess skin on the groove?	Yes Don't be afraid to ask. Routine question :)
1358527	When going for a pouch surgery with ulcerative colitis what's the percentage of the pouch not failing and for it to work at the end of al surgeries?	Depends on team A pouch also called ileorectal "J" pouch. Goal is to have your rectum working, no UC issues, and to connect the ileum to the rectum. This is usually staged; have ileostomy for a time, get UC under control after subtotal colon removal and then when in good health go for the pouch. Benefit of pouch, NO BAG and able to use restroom close to normal. Seek colorectal surgeon at big center/University.
1551373	I have been feeling dizzy, light headed, and  occasional chest pain. My heart starts racing at random times. This has been months if not a year.	Have you been seen? If you've not been seen by any doctor then, I highly recommend and urge that you get seen for a preliminary examination to make sure nothing of an organic nature (especially cardiac wise) is possibly contributing to your symptoms. If all that comes out cleanly and your blood work and chemistries are normal then, what you are experiencing for me sound like an anxiety or nervous reaction. GL.
6692238	Today I've had allergy symptoms (itchy throat, sneezing, stuffed nose). I took allergy medicine and now my nose is running while stuffed. What do I do?	Nasal steroid Try nasal steroid. It may take a few days to get optimal benefits. If problem continues , see doctor or allergist.
1509415	My breasts have grown& extremely sore and my uterus has enlarged but it's been 2months since my 1st Depo-Provera shot expired, could I pregnant?	May be hard to tell It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
393194	If you have a normal pap does that mean you don't have the HPV virus anymore? Can the virus go away if you still have warts?	HPV Hpv or human papilloma virus is a family of related viruses that infect humans but cause different problems. Some hpv types can cause genital warts, but the hpv types that can cause genital warts are different from the types that can cause cancer. Hpv is the cause of 70% of cervical cancer globally. There are about 40 types of hpv that can infect the genitals or sex organs of men and women - the hpv types that are associated with changes on a womans cervix that can lead to cervical cancer include types 16 and 18, which are generally acknowledged to cause about 70% of cervical cancer cases. Just having the hpv itself is not the same as cervical cancer as many women have hpv. Few of them get cervical cancer if they follow their doctors advice for screening and/or treatment. Hpv can infect the normal cells on your cervix to turn abnormal. Over many years, abnormal cells can turn into cancer if they are not found and treated by your doctor. It can take 10 to 15 years (or more) for cells to change from normal to abnormal, and then into cancer. Abnormal cells are sometimes called pre-cancer because they are not normal, but they are not yet cancer. The pap test is a screening test for cervical cancer. It looks for abnormal cells on your cervix that could turn into cancer over time. That way, problems can be found and treated before they ever turn into cancer. Recently, a quadrivalent vaccine against hpv 6, 11, 16 and 18 has been shown to prevent infections and the cervical changes associated with them for those virus subtypes included in the vaccine. The effectiveness is nearly 100% in preventing new hpv 16 or 18 infections, which have been associated in more than 50% of cervical cancers. While there has been political controversy about the use of hpv vaccination before onset of sexual activity, the recommendations from the medical community support vaccination.
574236	Week late for period today. Taken urine and one blood test all - could i still be pregnant. Breasts started being really sore today.	Pregnant It's a low chance if the blood test came back negative. If you are having signs of pregnancy, repeat the test in 1-2 weeks. If you are pregnant, the number should increase.
1215927	Do you still get premenstrual symptoms such as cramps and sore breast a week-two before your period even when on birth control pill.Ortho tri cyclenlo?	Yes Change the combination.
1600950	I had something on my neck it would burn when scratching my neck i think it was a mole i removed it piece still remains is there cream to remove it?	Apply a cream Try applying an anti-biotic cream such as Neosporin or Polysporin x 7-10 days ; if no better have a Dermatologist evaluation.
890497	Used liquid nitrogen to freeze wart, is this normal?	Yes Using liquid nitrogen is a very common treatment for warts.
6786389	Treated for staph cellulitis 1 IV 600mg clindamyacin + 10 days 450mg 4 x daily. Finished meds & looks gone, but some soreness & random muscle spasm. Should I get checked again? Worried it may not be fully gone? Could it be in the muscle or blood?	Yes Do get a follow-up to be sure you are all better.
1313398	My right eye was itching me. So I rub it with my hand now it is red and swollen. I went to the doctor she gave me tobropt 0.3% and patanol 0.1%.	The question is ? The answer is : follow your doctor's treatment program.
558840	Been on Depo-Provera shot for a year. Periods stopped, except for dec. Got period, had sex after. One month later; cramping, breast milk, nausea. But neg hpt.	Normal depo effect Irregular periods are the norm on depoprovera. Many patients have no periods at all. Others will experience irregular menstrual bleeding. This is how depo works. If you are not satisfied with the bleeding pattern on depo then consider using a different birth control method.
1281451	Painless lump under my left ear above the end of the jaw, slight popping. Has been there almost a year. Ear pressure in right ear, headaches recently?	Multiple possibiliti Consult either a TMJ oriented dentist and/or a physician because there are multiple possibilities in this most busy area of the body. Good luck.
1354192	Im 23 weeks pregnant but my belly button recently broke out with little itchy bumps, what could be causing the bumps?	See your DR Possible intertrigo, seborrheic dermatitis. If it spreads, consider PUPPPS. Meanwhile, try OTC hydrocortisone, Miconazole creams. Can use together.
406005	Is it possible to actually have the norovirus without experiencing vomiting and diarrhea? I have been experiencing the typical symptoms of a stomach virus for 3 days, but alas, no 'production'.  Body aches, mild fever etc too.	Hello. Hello. Norovirus impacts the stomach and /or intestinal tract. Hall mark symptoms include: abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. There are may types of viral illnesses that you can be infected with. I don't know if you had a mild case of norovirus or a different cause.
1338837	I have 58x36x30mm pedunculated fibroid in right adnexa which is right side of fundus of uterus,I found I am pregnant with 7 week? is it serious for me	Probably not Fibroids may make your pregnancy more uncomfortable but are not likely to pose a risk to the baby. Your doctor will monitor the fibroid and the baby throughout the pregnancy
396875	I went on a plane ride to florida two weeks ago, my ears have baeen cloged ever since, I have been chewing gum to try to help, doesn't work. L/ear almost no hearing at all, r/one pain under outer ear and blowing blood out nose. Can this be serious or will	You You may be dealing with perforated ear drums from the pressure change during the flight. You will need to see your doctor to confirm. It will heal over time or you may need a minor procedure depending on the findings. In the meantime try sudafed. Please see your doctor right away.
396707	Both knees dislocate all the time, which causes extereme pain multiple times a day. I have struggled with this since i was a little girl. My mother has the same problems, but she had surgery for hers. I used to be able to take a warm bath and some Advil a	Surgery/orthopedist I am going to assume that knee dislocation in your case is knee cap dislocation. If your knee caps are dislocating multiple times and you have exhausted conservative measures such as therapy and bracing then you should strongly consider surgery to realign your knee caps. Discuss this with an orthopedic surgeon specializing in knee reconstructive surgery/sports to discuss your surgical options.
328318	After left knee arthroscopic surgery can I drive myself home 3 hours?	No Our facility ask some body to be with you to drive you home.
559468	3weeks r more since miscarriage, sexualy active unprotected but pulls out been feeling neausea , back pain, discharge, tiredness, can I be pregnant?	Yes Seems a little early for a new pregnancy but you still might be pregnant. Get a pregnancy test and/or see your doctor.
1210248	Dry red spot appeared on skin by hip, rash covering my body followed. Red, circular, itchy, spots from neck to groin, front and back. Help!	From A viral exanthema, to reaction to a medicine or an insect bite, go have these check, specially if other symptoms develop. Good luck!
1347220	During the past week I have suffered from itchy irritated skin,and symptoms referring to hay fever such as the sneezing,sore eyes etc..can you help me?	Such symptoms may suggest allergic rhinnitis. Hydration and use of antihistamines could relieve symptoms. If condition is recurrent leukotriene inhibitors may be helpful.
1577166	What actually cause us to snore. And how can i prevent it. Sometimes at night my mouth remains open and very dry up to the trought?	Snoring 70% of the time, this is due to the soft palate vibrating against the back of the throat. Throat tissues can become lax over time with less elasticity, making snoring more common with age. There can be resistance to breathing through the nose or mouth due to a variety of anatomic causes which restrict airflow, causing vibration. Nasal strips, snore guards, and better pillows can help. See an ENT.
1544098	I'm having pain and bloating in my  ..  my lower right abdomen is swollen with sharp yet dual pain and the other side is fine what can cause this?	Right quadrant pain There are many possible causes which involve various organs such as your intestines, kidneys, or ovaries. Therefore, it would be prudent for you to seek help from your doctor
1050409	Why one year ago i have: 1. Flu throat, 2. Head pain-pressure, 3.Malaise, 4. Heartbeats  without gripe-fever ?	It's over! I don't understand why you're asking about something that happened one year ago.
966329	My 3 year old daughter has had a itchy rash on the bottoms of her feet for over a week. Now it's on the palms of her hands. It's flat red spots.	Might be... ...A common, benign viral illness known as hand, foot and mouth disease. Read more about it here at the cdc site: <a href="http://www.Cdc.Gov/hand-foot-mouth/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">http://www.Cdc.Gov/hand-foot-mouth/</a&gt;.
6748899	24 hour holter ecg showed 2 PVCs and 6 supraventricular ectopics. Echocardiogram unremarkable and perfect! Any other tests or are these benign?	Pvc pac These number of pvcs and PACs are considered benign unless there are some other factors Of concern which your doc should find out . ..
100925	Sudden swelling right side of neck. Had shrimp. No known allergy. What shoukd I do.?	See doctor I doubt that you are allergic to shrimp because your sx is localized to neck only. You need to see doctor for evaluation on swelling of neck-may be musculoskeletal.
1291264	I've had muscle weakness and fatigue on my right shoulder, and leg. A muscle near my spine is swollen, on right. Should i see a doctor? Had 14+ days.	Yes, of course See a doctor to determine the cause and start appropriate treatment.
1454173	What can be causing my hCG levels to fluctuate greatly and have symptoms of miscarriage but the fetus has been seen in my uterus?	Fluctuating hcg Fluctuated levels of hcg is not a reassuring sign. The simple fact is that just because the fetus is in the uterus does not mean she is not miscarrying. Sometimes a spontaneous abortion is followed by spontaneous delivery of the fetus but other times the fetus must be delivered by the doctor. Follow up with her OB and he/she will advise her.
1356587	Itchy achy feeling in upper throat above tonsil. Can't tell if it's ear or throat. No ear infection. Feels like when u blow balloon up. Allergies?	Very possibly Allergic reactions can produce numerous upper respiratory tract symptoms.
490387	I've been nauseated/dizzy/having headaches for about a week. No doctors think its brain tumor. What are the odds of having one with this  knowledge?	Why Why do you think you have a brain tumor? Which doctors have you seen ?
6626018	Haven't slept well since approx. Jan 2014. I wake up many times @ night bc arms and hands fall asleep no matter my pos. Feet & legs burn too. Cause?	Need eval you need medical evaluation for your complaints. I would start with evaluating your neck as I would be concerned there is something going on in your cervical spine that's causing some pressure on the spinal cord which could cause your symptoms. Also concern would be diseases that cause what is known as peripheral neuropathy. Please see your doctor for evaluation. Hope this was helpful. Good luck
1448137	2 days of UTI - been chugging cranberry juice but this morning (after taking 1st antibiotic) noticed blood in urine, and the burn is back. What next?	UTI symptoms The infection is real, still present, and it will take 3-7 days for relief. Drink high quantities. Take your antibiotic. Follow up with your doctor to be sure that antibiotic is effective against the cultured organism.
1164471	Sinus infection 2 days ago on levaquin , now my eyes are blood shot, hurting, throat hurts , head hurts , dizzy ! should I go back to dr or is this ok?	Sinus infection. This is not ok. You should definitely go back to see your doctor and should make contact as soon as possible. As soon as you are well you should find a way to stop smoking as this will cause you increasing problems and disease.
1448133	Is it possible to to treat old scar tissue in knee cartilage? Can it be broken up? It was formed apparently from a kneecap dislocation.	Articular cartilage- - does not heal if damaged it is replaced by a fibrocartilage which is rough and causes the noise U hear & feel when U flex & extend Ur knee. An arthroscopic procedure can shave the rough surfaces. Also if full thickness loss is present, the under surface of the patella can B drilled with multiple small holes so blood supply can help lay down fibro cartilage. Allignment may B needed 2 slow wear.
1374725	I have tender breast, hurts when I press them, gas, dry throat and sometimes shortness of breath. What it could be? Btw I am getting periods.	Fibrocystic disease Your breast soreness, at your stated age of 23, is almost certainly due to fibrocystic disease which is benign and is under hormonal control that will vary as the month progresses. Wear support (a bra), use ibuprofen, and accept it as part of being female. Hormonal therapy can be used in severe cases.
557501	Few weeks ago did weighted squat first time, raised it to nearly my own weight. Left knee hurts moderatly since then. I try to rest it doesn't help.	Prepare Prepare for new activities with stretching and warmup and build over time. Knee instability may be a factor, but the body must be first readied for new activities.
6612098	Took Plan B a month ago,taking my birth control pill,period came on time,  pain under right side of rib.vomiting,nausea. Could I be pregnant?	Probably not, but... If worried, can test. A urine pregnancy test done correctly gives a reliable result 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have happened). If done sooner, a positive result is likely real, but a negative result may be due to testing too soon, and therefore lead to a repeat test. If a woman has her normal regular period, then she is usually presumed not pregnant.
1035442	Had lami l5/4 1 yr ago. Was ok, now pain down rt leg w/no compression. Grinding in lwr back, muscle cramps on rt. Bulges to lft l345. What's going on?	Alternate level You may be experiencing pain from a herniated disc at a different level from your surgery. See your spine surgeon in order to illicit further.
602233	My periods are usually every 33-35 days. I had a smiley face on OPK day15. Been spotting & very sore breasts over last few days. Could i be pregnant?	You tell us Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1239260	Brown discharge after sex that lasted 3 wks. Could this mean i'm pregnant? I'm supposed to start my period in 1-2 days but no cramps, sore breasts, etc.	Cervicitis That surely sounds like an infection.
1310617	I may have IBS, getting tests. I have frequent bowel movements/cramping but the stool is normal and not watery like diarrhea. Is this unusual for IBS?	Not at all... Stool pattern in IBS runs the entire spectrum from loose, frequent, watery with urgency to hard, lumpy constipation with feeling incompletely evacuated. Sometimes patients will evolve from one extreme to the other. IBS is however a diagnosis of exclusion, so what tests have you had so far to clarify this diagnosis?
534857	My ob spec found blood in urine(no infection) & neuro found high anion (19) could this be kidney failure? Both kidneys have been hurting terribly!	Kidney failure To accurately answer your question i would need more information. Each of these findings by themselves do not equal kidney failure. Combined, they might. I strongly urge you to see your primary care doctor and have him/her look at everything and give you an explanation for what is going on with you.
1457856	I've been experiencing very strong pain in my inner right thigh and groin area for a week. The pain spread to my knee with a little swelling below the knee. It's constantly painful up walk and lay down. I can't pinpoint the origin of the pain but it feels	Thigh pain /swelling Seek immediate medical attention in an ER. You may have a clot in your leg, which could have serious consequences and needs immediate attention. Also could possibly be appendicitis, ovarian torsion which all need immediate ER evaluation. Go to an ER now.
60061	My first day of taking Zoloft and last night I took trazodone for sleep, I took half a Zoloft and have had a dull headache all day. Is this normal?	Headache and Zoloft Headaches are possible side effects of both zoloft and trazodone. Usually, they go away with time as you take the medication. In some cases they do not, so it is very important to let your doctor know about the headaches. If the headache gets worse or you begin to have other symptoms such as confusion or dizziness, contact your doctor right away to let him/her know.
1011980	Nauseas, cramps, abdominal pains, 14 days late period, I've always had unprotected sex with my fiancee.Did a pregnacy home test and there negative!	Have doc do it Not always correct. .Could be tubal pregnancy.
248159	How long will anxiety-related stomach gas and bloating last?	Treat the anxiety If you are certain it is anxiety related then the best remedy is to treat the anxiety through self care. Good sleep, good nutrition (avoid gassy foods) and exercise all help to reduce anxiety. In addition, cognitive and behavioral changes as well as mindfulness have been proven effective strategies for resolving anxiety. Psychotherapy can be helpful in reducing anxiety and symptoms.
731784	I had a corticosteroid shot on tuesday in elbow for an injury.  The spot is sore, red, swollen with a small lump. Is this normal?	Ice and time Put some ice on it and give it a little more time. If the situation becomes worse or continues to persist then call the doctor.
665311	Can wisdom teeth cause head pressure, dizziness and neck pain?	Unlikely It's unlikely. See a physician to rule out medical causes first.
6747814	Extremely painful cramps on right side near ovary at random times, using the restroom and during sex. What could it be? I had an ultrasound done to check for cysts or fibroids, but they said everything looked fine. I have never been pregnant , if that inf	Pelvic pain Pelvic pain is complex as there are several organs in the pelvis. The ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, cervix, bladder, appendix, intestines, colon and rectum can all be the source. Pelvic pain requires and examination to help organize the evaluation.
1438562	Lower abdominal pain when bowel movement is trying to be passed. Those muscles hurt. Constant stomach gurgling. Diarrhea. Tightness in upper abdomen?	If.. If symptoms have been present only for a few days this can be caused by a virus most of the time. In this case drinking plenty of fluids,rest and taking over the counter antidiarrheal meds and analgesics helps with symptoms. If this has been going on for more than a week or so then it is time to get checked. Make an appointment with your doctor if this is the case.
767502	I have a pimples around my sensitive area of my vagina and now it looks infected and it hurts. Im scared it could be an STD or some yeast infection. ?	Please see Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This is probably apocrine acne.
1437395	Chest cramp on left side. Unsure if it's heart. Stingy neck pains randomly. EKG, x-Ray, heart enzymes all were good 2 weeks ago. Heart issue?	Unlikely to be heart Typical chest pain in a male is not described as "cramp" and unlikely for cardiac enzymes and EKG to be normal if performed while having chest/heart symptoms. More probable is that your neck pains are from a "pinched" nerve, mechanical trauma if you play sports and chest camp may be rib pain. In other words, your symptoms seem more musculoskelatal. Might see a physiatrist or neurologist for MRI
6751814	I've been having pain in my breast sometimes feeling growing muscles other times really bad burning also I have lower abdomen pain. could I be cancer ?	Unlikely Cancer but you should have it examined
1109970	My ovarian cyst has ruptured, im on high pain meds, and im still having severe pain in my ovaries/tubes, and im having a solid white discharge w/o odor?	Normal The discharge doesn't itch or have an odor and is probably normal considering the ovarian cyst rupture.
351680	Had sexual intercourse with some one and condom spilt i wiped straight away chances of hiv?	Not zero... If the contact was hiv-infected. Get tested, .
1098738	Sore spot on right side of my breast but no lump. It couldn't be breast cancer right?	No guarantee Breast cancer is not always readily palpable. Can include a mass. Masses that are painless, irregular ; hard are more suggestive of cancer but they can also be tender, painful ; soft. Swelling of breast; thickened, red, skin; non-milky nipple discharge; new retraction of nipple, puckering or irritation of skin or pain ; sometimes swollen lymph nodes under arm(s). Seek med eval if you have sxs.
1098736	Sore lump between my breast, should I get this checked?	Absolutely Get it checked asap.
6709821	I have red bumps or blisters in the back of my throat, along with runny nose a cough but no fever. Could this be mono? Strep? Or cold ?Help?	Virus infection That red 'rash' is called an enanthem and it could be from a virus such as adenovirus, enterovirus, or coxsackie - something like that. If this was mono or Strep, those should cause a fever and you would probably be worse. Best to get it checked with a throat exam and diagnostic tests. In the meantime, hot ginger tea or hot lemonade (lemon juice, hot water and honey) may help those symptoms.
290248	Can you miss a period because of a yeast infection?	Probably not Probably not.
1529014	Daughter 5 yrs in hospital 6 days ago temp 40, blood, leukocytes & ketones in urine, no infection. Now Leuk 15+-, Protein 15+-, Blood 5.0 Ery, SG 1.03?	Uti this certainly sounds like a uti. What do you mean by "no infection"? Culture was negative? Did they test for viruses? Adenovirus uti can often cause more of a hemorrhagic cystitis. Also need to think of primary kidney issues, such as IgA nephropathy, etc. is the fever gone now?
557734	I had urine infection 2 weeks ago and consulted a doctor.He prescribed medicines and course is over.Now im having small pimples on ma penis head.	See a doctor If you're a 25-year-old man, it's more likely that you had a urethral infection (urethritis, usually caused by a sexually transmitted disease) than a urinary tract infection, which is uncommon in young men. Therefore, the pimples could also be something sexually transmitted. You should get them checked.
6693367	Can a C6 hemangioma in the neck cause tremors, tingling, and burning in the neck, arms, hands, and feet or is this probably not the cause, just something common they pick up in an MRI?	Maybe Hemangiomas occur in the spine in 20% of us. The vast, vast are asymptomatic. If it is not pushing on the cord or nerves (which is very unlikely) then there i another cause.
6698845	Flat mole, itches like mad. Every few months turns redder, skin around it peels up, and it falls off then regrows. Biopsy says not mela. What is it?	Why not removal of entire , flat mole , . If it is itching , keep flaring get it removed , it is good is not a melanoma instead of lesion biopsy excision biopsy will give more precise diagnosis of entire lesion , speak to your family doctor to refer you to a surgeon.
1573713	Difference between PVCS and SEV?I get about 1 or 2 that I can feel a day. Heart monitor showed they are SEV not PVCS. Cardio doc says I'm ok.	Harmless Most normal people have some PVCs or SVEs. These are premature beats coming from the lower or upper chambers of the heart respectively. They are not indications of heart disease. Please do not think that you have developed a heart problem. I agree with your Cardiologist that you are OK.
1273923	Didnt get brown stage after having period for 3-4days spotting  when peed hot cold sore ribs aches and pains in back and legs nausea headaches help me?	Pain Post menorrhagic pain.
1139881	M indian.If my urine color has now changed to normal (like plain water), can I be sure my urinary infection and kidney stone has gone.  ?	Infection maybe gone Stone is likely still present ; probably contains bacteria.
6787167	If there was pre ejaculate on the outside of my condom and I wiped it off before having sexual intercourse, could it still have been "active"? Thanks	Here are some... I realize you expect an answer being "yes or not". In real life, that has never been the case. But considering the high fastidious requirements for sperms to survive, move, and swim to timely fertilize a waiting egg, the scenario described should pose an almost next-to-zero odd to conceive. Nonetheless, still do HPT in a wk after missing period and repeat it in another wk if the first is (-)...
1291996	7 weeks after medical arbotion, spotting of brown and red discharge for 3 days, sharp arbnomen pain, sore breasts, blurted but still no normal periods?	Get it checked out It can take 8 weeks for your periods to come back after an abortion. But having sharp pain, bloating and a brown/red discharge could indicate a problem. An ultrasound to make sure there is no retained tissue, an exam to look for an infection and an HCG level and other bloodwork should be done. There are some late complications of an abortion that can be serious so get it checked out.
1191584	Is there a cortisone shot for tennis elbow that actually works?	Yes. A cortisone injection can be extremely helpful, even curative. It should be administered by an orthopedic elbow specialist, top make sure that it's given in the right location.
936559	What does a crusted, scabbed, inverted nipple mean, breast cancer?	Not necessarily But i suggest you see your doctor for a proper evaluation starting with a good physical examination. Best to you.
6771526	I heard a loud whistle from ONE nostril as I breathed out a few times. I used nasal spray,so it stopped. But should I be worried? Never heard that b4.	Nasal congestion It is likely that something has caused that nostril to swell up causing the whistling. This may be from a cold or from allergy depending on the duration of the symptoms. If from allergy, then you likely have had some congestion for some time and developed whistling when the congestion worsens. If this has been present for more than 2 weeks and bothersome to you, see doctor.
295503	I have had a "cold" for a week now - cough, green mucus, sore throat, congestion. Now  one eye is bloodshot. Should i see my pcp?	Virus Your description is most consistent with a viral illness (ie cold). I would see your pcp to get meds to control your symptoms and make you more comfortable as the cold runs its course.
402580	Trying to get pregnant for a year? I have been trying to get pregnant for a year now and i had few scares. I tried having sexual intercourse on my ovulation days and nothing has happen.	If If you have been trying for 1 year then it is time for you to see your ob/gyn or a reproductive endocrinologist to start an infertility evaluation. The initial evaluation is simple and can be completed in one cycle. It involves a semen analysis, ovulation monitoring usually with an ovulation predictor kit, an evaluation of your fallopian tubes called an hsg, and, depending on your age, testing of your hormones for signs of running out of eggs.
564541	Unprotected sex no period last month sensitive breast sleepy more often can't stand smells of some food but been spotting for 6 days am i pregnant ?	Could be You could be pregnant. Buy a test at the drug store. Be sure to call your ob-gyn dr if it's positive!
1196723	Headache for 1+ weeks  symptoms of migraine, cluster, tension. Dr says may be a migraine variant referred to neurologist  what is a migraine variant?	Migraine variant Means that it is a migraine which doesn't 100% meet the definition of migraine. I'm glad you will see a neurologist. Migraines are a complicated disorder and you need an expert to help you.
6684758	I have crohns disease and Non healing acne on left side neck. No swolen lymph nodes.Dizziness, fatigue, normal blood work.Could this still be lymphoma?	Acne Acne seems to be more prevalent in patients with Crohn's disease, maybe because they have a related immune cause. But having acne doesn't indicate anything about lymphoma. You're likely ok, but if you have unexplained fevers with weight loss and swollen lymph nodes, you should talk to your doctor.
6681325	I have swelling and pain with weird sensations in my legs. Sometimes warm & It comes and goes for the last month. Could it be DVT? Only 19.	No it is not DVT. DVT or deep vein thrombosis is the clotting of the blood in the deeper veins of the lower extremity. It usually happen due to either a problem witht he blood's clotting mechanism or due to other factors externally. In majority of cases there is no pain or any other symptom due to the DVT. Your symptoms needs to be checked by a doctor, but most likely this is not the DVT. Wish you good luck, and h
1287938	Started bleeding 5 days early had unprotected sex 3 days before ovulation and only light cramps on one side like when i ovulate implantation bleeding?	Possible Implantation bleeding is not really as common as the internet would have you believe. When it does happen it's usually 6-12 days after ovulation. A pregnancy test 7-10 days after unprotected intercourse is much more helpful. If you are trying to avoid pregnancy considering your age please see your doctor to discuss birth control options. If you are trying to get pregnant take a prenatal vitamin.
519750	Swollen lymph nodes, headaches, fatigue, weight loss, low white blood count, and infections. What could be causing this?	Immunodeficiency Please check an HIV test given your age; if condition persists, a bone marrow biopsy might be indicated.
1239888	Im in Zoloft 75mg and busparone 20mg a day trazadon 50mg  for sleep 2 mg ativan i  have low libido what can I do to increase my libido?	Decreased libido? When you say decreased libido, do you mean you don't wanna, or you wanna but you cant? And if you cant, do you mean it doesnt go up, or it goes up, but nothing comes out?
6791780	High white blood cell count green poop low grade fever and chills with headache flu negative strep negative listeria ??	If you have green poop and fever, then look inside the belly for cause. You may need a CT, or stool culture, or GI workup. If you have headache with fever, perhaps you need to look for meningitis. In other words, have your doctor keep looking for a cause, those tests you listed are only the beginning. Focus on your symptoms and start there. Good luck.
1434327	Im 17, sexually active and im 5 days late on my period I have no symptoms but I've been having lots of lotion like discharge, could I be pregnant?	Yes You could be pregnant but that is more about the 5 days late on the menses than it is about the vaginal discharge. .
1329842	My period lasted 3 days which is unusual, spotting blood, pregnancy test negative, pregnancy symptoms, urine sample ok. Whay could it be?	Probably fine If the bleeding happened at the right time, you are probably OK. Implantation bleeding can happen at the same time, though, so if you are concerned about pregnancy, check a test.
6627874	I have bad sprained ankle and Osteochondral defect in same ankle. Could this cause the leg to get swollen (from below the knee down to the ankle)?	I would be concerned For a clot in the leg and I don't think your symptom is consistent with your injury and advise you to have it checked out ASAP, always better safe then sorry.
142171	Leg tingling and numbness with feet pain == do I go to cardio?	Reasonable Foot tingling, numbness, and pain can be vascular or neurological. A physician and some basic tests can differentiate.
1088611	My finger has been swollen for 4 months. No precipitating trauma. Sometimes achy but not really painful. Occasional mild aches in wrist and elbow.	Arthritis It may be early arthritis and may respond to either Ibuprofen or naprosyn.
6715517	I had sex 2 days after my period.I haven't been on birth control for 5 yrs, now I have a tightness in my lower abdomen and nausea. Could I be pregnant?	Anything possible However, nothing can be predicted. ..no matter how many symptoms you develop until you see if you miss your next period.....if you do then, you get your pregnancy test and find out....good luck.
1113610	Have very uncomfortable pain in leg behind knee.  No known injury.  Leg is a little swollen; no discoloration.	Knee Sounds very much like a baker's cyst . To be sure see tour family doc or orthopedist
280352	Been with the cold since july, 3 weeks ago started with upper throat pain head aches and chest tightness pain got antibiotics felt better but the symptoms return since 9/4 went to the doctor and she prescribe pinicillin, predezone but no change haven't ha	Many possibles Most likely there has been a succession of viral infections causing your problem. You need to consider allergies as well. If you are generally well - no fever, weight loss, fatigue, weakness - then a simple diagnosis is most likely. There may be an element of bronchial constriction. Are you a smoker? If so, smoking impacts your ability to recover from minor ailments.
916261	Why dose my skin peel on the bottom parts of my feet and hands?	Dry feet and hands One hand and two foot syndrome is fungus that results in dryness of both soles and usually the dominant hand palm. Treatment with amlactin cream and Lamisil cream is often effective. Drynesss can be treated with amlactin cream. Allergy is possible, but less likely to affect both hands and feet.
1507456	I have signs of pregnancy I've missed my period for 3 days now and I think I have a yeast infection. Could I be pregnant ?	Short answer, yes. Get a home pregnancy test and see. If it is positive you have an answer, if negative you could still be pregnant. Given the yeast infection, if you already have an OB/GYN doc, call them and ask if you can be treated for that since you think you may be pregnant, and the medication choice is affected by pregnancy. See what your doc advises after you check a home test. If neg, the doc can check blood
6657808	I keep getting itchy red bumps on both middle knuckles of my index fingers and on my elbows.  Very random not always at same times, for 3yrs now. ?	See dermatologist The first thing I do with nearly all itchy condition is to advise patients to apply a moisturizer on the skin
122497	What is the best supplement to give to a child 4 yrs old with trouble sleeping?  Melatonin?  Fish oil?	Why cant he sleep? First of all, try to find the cause for your child sleep problem. Does he take naps late afternoon? Does he rough house or play sports right before sleep? Does he drink cola, tea or other sources of caffeine. Does he have a set bed time? Tv before bed? Keep in mind his own computer, his brain, has to power down and he needs at least 45 min to do this. Go to bed and wake up at the same time daily.
1321014	Occasional & intermittent burning sensation under arms, chest & outside breast areas Not at same time. Headaches back of head sometimes What can it b?	Too many... ...possibilities for me to name all of them here, but shingles, heart attack, pulmonary embolism are among the serious causes. Costochondritis would be a non-serious reason.
6720911	3-4 days miss period. 2 negative preg test. Sore breast. Feel need to use the bathroom, found pink small mass with red dot and blood drops falling... ?	Probably spotting From your history it is unlikely that you are pregnant. It is not that uncommon to miss a menstrual cycle, but still have the premenstrual symptoms associated with it - breast tenderness, water retention etc are pretty common premenstrual symptoms. Mucous and light spotting would account for your findings. If symptoms don't resolve in a week then see your Dr.
1555139	I have sore breast and missed period 14 days late and negative pregnancy test and cramping what's wrong?	Pregnancy test A home urine pregnancy test won't turn positive until 10-14 days after conception. Using the 1st urine of the morning will concentrate the beta-HCG hormone in the urine. In this case I recommend repeating home pregnancy test.
6770348	Itchy microscopic red spots on chest. No bumps or anything raised, just spots in a patch. Itchy and burning.	Rash This mild, itchy eruption may be an allergic reaction to jewelry,clothing ,cosmetics,or perfumes. Apply a cortisone type cream. It no improvement see a dermatologist.
334100	Knees make clicking/popping noise using stairs. Like knuckles popping but not as loud. What could it be and how do I make it stop? Kinda hurts/grinds.	Arthritis Noises without pain may be normal, but with pain maybe inflammation or cartilage changes not weight bearing exercise may help swimming is best.
6673330	Never had allergies, I am now in second trimester with a stuffy nose, sometimes itchy eye and sneezy but no other symptoms. Could I have developed allergies. If so is this only during pregnancy?	ALLERGIC RHINITIS PROGESTETONE IS THE HOTMONE OF PRENANCY. One of its many secondary side effects is flaring allergies. Swelling of nasal mucosa/itchy eyes /post nasal drip. You can do nasal irrigation with Neil Med system. Zaditor Eye Drops and clRitin are all effective.
1260546	When i walk the back of my leg at my knee area starts to hurts. Even does it sometimes just sitting. It's not red or warm to touch. Just hurts!	Get examined Pain in the back of the knee( popliteal fossa) is a common problem.At your age popliteal ( baker's ) cysts are often seen w/ degenerative meniscus ( cartilage) tears. Walking contracts the gastrocsoleus muscle group( calf muscles) and 'pinches the cyst.Other diagnoses need to be excluded. See your orthopedic surgeon. Best of luck!
6642253	Enlarged neck lymph node. CAT scan biopsy negative for tumors and cancer.  Had mono a year ago.  Lymph node still extremely enlarged dr. Says inflamed?	See clinic doc Persistent enlarged lymph node after a year of mononucleosis is unusual though some rare individuals may have these reactions to the virus Epstein Barr. To know if the lymph node is related to the above, it is best to be examined by a clinic doc or specialist to review adequacy of biopsy or imaging. There are tests on biopsied tissue to tell if Its infection,other non neoplastic or something else
958520	Would i feel a 3.5 CM ovary cyst rupture?	Possible When an ovarian cyst ruptures, it can release some fluid which can irritate the abdomen. This pain should go away in a few days. Take Ibuprofen for pain. Ovarian cysts are normal.
338831	At my soccer game today my knee collided into another girls. It is now swelled and bruised and hurts when i bend it, what should I do?	Ice, Tylenol When one has knee pain, it is ideal if the source or cause of the pain can be determined. This is best done by her pediatrician, family physician or orthopedist. In the meantime, the pain can be addressed with r.I.C.E.: rest, ice, compression and elevation. Additionally, tylenol may also be helpful but this is only a symptom reducer, not a cure. See you doctor for the cure.
1427215	Pain in collar bone,around + to  back of shoulder blade. Slightly in side of breast tissue.Can move arm fine, but tender to touch. Reason for concern?	Checkup It would be prudent to get a physical exam- causes are multiple.
1025003	What are the chances of getting pregnant on lo loestrin fe if you have unprotected sex the second day of the pack? And if you doubled up that day	Very low Not likely.
6791257	I have had the mirena 3years now. My breast are very sore,im fatigued and don't feel good,hpt said negative, could I be pregnant. Ring test moves?	Not likely Mirena is one of the most effective options for reversible birth control. Your pregnancy test is negative. If your symptoms were caused by pregnancy then the hormones would be high enough for detection. Other causes of your symptoms should be investigated with your primary care doctor.
1025005	Rt ear/face/neck full/puffy & asymmetrical & more sx- almost 2 yrs, diff. Swallowing, now choking feeling/lump rt side of neck, but not in throat?	CT scan of neck. There is something going on. See an ENT doctor.
1531276	I have presented with headache sore/dry throat, sinus pressure, and a stuffy or sometimes runny nose. What can i take
?	Tips For sore throat  gargle with warm salt water (1/2 tsp salt in 8 oz of water). *For anti-inflammatory effect & mobilizing mucus- homemade chicken noodle soup.**For hydration- lots of water. Try clear broth.* Add honey & a small amt. of lemon juice to Chamomile tea. * For congestion  saline nose drops or a neti pot. * Neti pots can reduce nasal congestion. Mix  tsp salt w 1 cup distilled lukewarm
6706444	I have pain infront of head,,red eyes,,watery fluid in nose and redness in the nostrils?	Allergies? Sounds like springtime allergies. Consider some sort of antihistamine such as loratidine for a trial for a week and see if that helps. If not, see your primary care provider for a more complete evaluation. Hope this helps!
1141659	I have a hard round bone feel like lump in the side of my cheek. It moves & wiggles but is attached to what seems my jaw & grows. What could this be?	Tumor. A reaction to an injury to the body is many times seen as an swelling as the body tries to counteract the aggression. Chronic infections or inflammations cause "lumps" or tumors. They need to be removed after or during the treatment of the cause of the tumor. Have your dentist take an x ray of the area and find out where the problem is. L.
6716968	Are most strains of HPV not harmful? Can only cause things of no concern(warts on legs and arms, etc). Are the cancer causing forms less common?	Yes There are over 100 strains of HPV and most are not harmful. Over 90% of adults worldwide have some strain of HPV. There are about 13 strains that have been associated with cancer, two of which are considered the most aggressive, Types 16 and 18.
1451845	4 days late on my period.  I have thick light yellow/white snot like discharge (no infection) & tender breasts. Negative preg test. Could I be preg?	INFECTION I am sorry but your discharge represents sign of infection. How do you know it is not? Your test is negative. If you do not believe it then please wait one week and repeat the test.
1156967	Had root canal filling nearly 12 mth ago. Now have an abscess under tooth. Face swollen etc and now neck seems to be too.Taking amoxicillin on day?	Infection You need to see your dentist. The abscess at roots end has not healed and you need to have it addressed.
6725066	Had an aura migraine four days ago. Ever since, I've had dizziness,  facial numbness & a feeling of pressure on top my head, headache. Should I worry?	Migraine treatment Once a diagnosis of migraine has been made, effective management of migraine involves three specific strategies: 1) patient education, 2) nonpharmacological management, and 3) pharmacological (medical) management. See an orofacial pain or headache specialist for evaluation and professional management.
158918	I want to have a fraxel laser treatment on my severe acne scars. Is this effective?	Moderate Fraxel is effective on scar but it can not go away. You may need more agresive treatment such as skin grafting, co2 laser resurfacing and/or fat grafting with stem cells.
346399	What will bring my heart rate down? Resting rate about 100. Blood pressure is good. Possible thyroid issue. Waiting for results. Can't sleep.	Just relax. Wait for the test result. Anxiety doesn't help your heart rate either. High thyroid is easily treatable.
719956	High-altered heart rate, altered blood pressure, leg pain, upset stomach-abdominal pain, dizziness esp. Standing.Normal na&k.No pigments.Atypical addison?	You need further Evaluation with your physician.
1574915	I'm about a day late for my period. I'm not sexually active. I've noticed yellowish discharge instead of blood. What does this mean?	Hard to say Sometimes your period can be a day or two late. This doesn't necessarily mean that anything is wrong. At the same time, infections can also cause irregular periods. Check this out with your doctor.
719408	My son has a rash all over his body, face, fingers, toes, legs, feet hands.It started itchy but now it doesn't?	Rash It sounds like your son may have had an allergic reaction. Allergic reactions can be from foods, medications, environmental changes, exposure to chemicals. I would recommend you take him to see his primary care doctor. If he has difficulty breathing or swelling of face, tongue, throat, call 911 or report to the emergency room as some allergic reactions can be life threatening.
788773	I just had a brain aneurysm coiled. My BP has been as low as 88/46 and pulse 100 with daily headaches and dizziness. What should I do?	See a doctor Low blood pressure can cause a headache or dizziness. I would see your doctor to make sure you have the correct blood pressure medications.
6701536	End of last year I Had an ultrasound on breast for small lump. Was told it was a cyst. I have noticed the lump has got bigger? Is this normal for cyst	Breast cysts grow Cysts are benign and can certainly increase and decrease in size over time. If you are concerned, there is no harm in rechecking it. If it is a mass that feels hard and fixed in place, definitely get it checked out.
888849	My throat has been sore for days and my tonsils touch when i swallow i also have a headache and a slight fever.	Tonsillitis You may have tonsillitis. Viral vs. Bacterial (usually strep) needs to be differentiated for appropriate treatment to be administered. See your doc who can get more history, look at you and do a strep test.
699561	I get numbness n tingling around mouth, down back of head, and down both arms right after consuming a beer. What causes it? What should I do?	Allergic reaction It sounds like you are having an allergic reaction to your beer. It is difficult to sa which component, but take Benadryl for relief.
548080	Could pain under the right rib cage radiating to the back be liver trouble?  I had gall bladder removal about 7 years ago.	Possibly Symptoms like these are best deterimed by a thorough evaluation by your physician. Based on his/her findings, a treatment plan can be developed to help you.
6726769	Doc, I'm currently having rashes in my groin area and my scrotum becomes occasionally itchy. The itchiness subsides whenever I apply candid powder.	Sounds like fungus infection. Try to keep the area dry. And make sure you don't have a medical condition that predisposes you to such infection, as diabetes.
6773940	Sounds like water going deep inside in my right ear occasionally. Dull pain, no hearing loss, not constant. Also have a sore throat. ?	Eustachian tube dysf sounds like a Eustachian tube dysfunction. You may try to "pop" the ears by closing your mouth holding the nose and blowing hard. Your ears should open up as you are forcing air into the middle ear space thru the Eustachian tube. Also get some Flonase and your nasal congestion will improve as well. Good luck and feel better.
840173	I have tennis elbow and job where I use my arm a lot. Recently i injured it felt tingling & now a lot of pain in wrist. Feels tight. What to do?	Tennis elbow I recommend seeing an orthopedic specialist.
1456625	Had knee surgery (arthoscopy )to remove PVNS 2 months ago. Lifted large sofa today, now my knee and thigh is hurting(throbbing, muscle pain, weak) ?	Knee Pain Even with you previous knee problem and surgery you should initially take care of this like it is a new injury. Use protection, rest, ice, compression and elevation. Over the counter Tylenol or antiinflammatory such as aleve may be helpful. If not 100% in a couple of days would followup with your Ortho Surgeon.
1178780	My gums/left cheek is swollen! I have decay wisdom tooth and the dentist doesn't want to remove it because it still swelling. How many days does it last?	Infected tooth In my opinion, you should be on an appropriate antibiotic and have the tooth removed as soon as possible by a skilled dentist, usually an oral surgeon, even if swelling is present. You may also need incision and drainage. I'm not sure about the expertise and quality of dental care in your area. You will have to research that on your own. Good luck!
6620385	I check my heart,  done a lot's of tests, egc, echo, holter, stress test, all say my heart is fine, but today I feel a heavy pain in my chest, and it'?	Relax!! Finding out where the pain is NOT coming from is more important to find out exactly why you have the pain. In other words: if you know IT IS NOT the heart,(and you do since at age 23 they have tested the heart thoroughly) you should be at ease. There are many other reasons for pain, including anxiety, but it should be a relief to know it is not going to kill or handicap you.
645570	Has gental herpes, has this joint paint in the knees and aching muscles mostly on legs. Is it a common symptoms for gental herpes?	Not cause Genital herpes does not cause this kind of symptoms.
6728613	I had stage 1 grade 2 invasive lobular cancer.  Had a bilateral mastectomy.  Taking Anastrazole, but no chemo or radiation.  Is this smart?	Stage I Breast Ca Suppose you had ER/PR-pos and Her2-neg BC. Stage I BC defined as tumor size 0,5cm or N1mi, consider oncotype for recurrence score (RS). If RS is high (>31), chemo may benefit.
1484808	I have a weak urine stream. it often does the split stream.had it checked twice.i was told most Likely scar tissue. Had prostate test. All good.ideas?	Checked how? Hello,checking for slow stream should include:uroflowmetry done when your bladder is very full after drinking plenty fluids till you can barely hold it. This should be followed by bladder ultrasound to check residual urine.What scar tissue?Are you referring to stricture?If so,did you have cystoscopy?I assume you mean PSA by "prostate test".I hope you are seeing a urologist.Hope this helps.Good luck
6653837	I have a pain in my left shoulder blade that radiates down my arm and in my jaw and I also have a sharp pain in my left breast. what could this be?	Heart / neck problem Should see your doctor ASAP to make sure your heart is OK as your symptoms are very typical for a heart attack although a heart attack is extremely rare in a 27 year old female. Neck problems causing a pinched nerve sometimes may cause similar symptoms.
1352692	Diarrhea for 4 days with inflammation of the anus, headache, stomach cramps, dizziness, sore mouth and gums?	Viral or bacterial i It sounds like you may have Gastroenteritis - most likely Viral , but can not R/O other reason such as Bactria or Giardia ( need more history ) . If you are feeling dizzy when you stand up and have had decreased urination and especially if you have not kept up with your fluid intake , please seek medical help . You may need IV fluid replacement . Push clear liquids . Use OTC cream for anal irrit
284373	How often does ovarian cyst get mistaken for ectopic pregnancy?	Shouldn't be often I don't know of clinical studies that addressed this - maybe another doctor here does - my educated guess is that it shouldn't be often. Remember most ectopics are diagnosed by combination of abnormal quants and ultrasound, so you'd need abnormal quants plus a cyst to mis-diagnose. The reverse, mistaking an ectopic for a cyst, would be more plausible.
6625128	I know that an abdominal or pelvic X-ray has limitations.  But would it detect a large blockage or a very big macroscopic polyp?	X-ray can help Hello Sean, If there is a polyp large enough to cause an obstruction or large blockage then yes, an X-ray could definitely help in making the diagnosis. Feces can be seen on a 'Scout film of the abdomen' above the blockage. The doctor may look for Air-Fluid levels. These are diagnostic of an ileus because the bowel can not pass feces, air or liquids in an effective manner.
229539	When I shave my bikini area it hurts and I get red bumps (some are pimple like and/or ingrown hairs)  afterwards that hurt as well. When the hair is growing back it's discomforting as well. Is there anything I can do to prevent this? I use shaving cream w	Shave daily You should shave daily. Your dermatologist can give medication to help control problem if there are still sores.
864126	I had i guess what they call a partial hysterectomy ( no uterus or cervix) i still have my ovaries.. Is it possible to get pregnant?	Not really Short answer: not possible. But, technically, if you have ovaries you can ovulate and therefore the ovum (egg) could get fertilized by sperm. However, there is no viable way for sperm to reach the egg and no where for it to go even if it did happen to get there. The cervix is the opening to the uterus, which is normally connected to the fallopian tubes where fertilization normally takes place.
6774339	Small dot red rash between my breast that itches. I get pimples there when i sweat but never anything like this. It also got a lil crust after itching?	Yeast infection? Yeast loves to grow in warm, dark, moist places on your body. It could be a yeast infection. A staph infection is another possibility. You could try treating it with a yeast-cream. If it doesn't go away, you might need an antibacterial ointment such as Mupirocin (Need a prescription). Ultimately, if it doesn't go away, its best to have a doc look at it and recommend treatment.
296976	What is the relation between herpes IgG and IgM blood tests and having cidp?	See below Actually, look at it a little differently. Forget herpes, which has no known association with cidp, but if an anti-gm-1 test is done and there is elevation of igg, not igm, this would alter the diagnosis to multifocal motor neuropathy (mmn), which is a similar disorder to cidp, but may be handled differently in some cases.
6714937	Aa throbbing/pulsating dull pain in right arm anove the elbow woke me up in the middle of the night and continued. should I be worried?	Get checked I recommend you consult with a healthcare provider who will take history and perform physical exam. Proper evaluaation of the pain should take into account your overall health status and risk profile. If you chest pain or shortness of breath, go the the ER.
620071	I have some very tiny red/skin color bumps on the side of my middle finger for the past 3 weeks. They are not itchy and they hurt very little?	Get a diagnosis There are many types and causes of skin rashes. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1181982	Ekg ultrasound CT scan stress test and many holter monitors all normal but doc put on another monitor cuz heart rythym sometimes really weird. Causes?	Defer to the Doctor I am sorry to report that there is just too much here that will require the outcome of the test to answer. I would defer to your physician and the results of this ongoing study. We do not have the other test results; the type of your arrhythmia, or any other specifics on which to give you a valid answer.
988749	Per CT report, 20+ pound uterus, full of fibroids, compressing my right kidney and ureter.  Is this emergent or routine?	Well, it needs to Be addressed because you don't want that ureter completely compressed. I think though that you may have misunderstood. There may have been 20 fibroids but it's no 20 pounds. The extremely large can be 5-7 pounds. Those are extreme cases but 20? Good luck with everything.
577729	I have re accruing sinus problems. Stuffy nose , sinus headache, sinus pressure above my right eye. I had this problem last summer. What can I do ?	See an allergist Three types of treatment: 1. Avoid what you are exposed to. You need to get skin tested to identify what to avoid. 2. Medicines usually help if it is an allergy. 3. Allergy shots would be an option if meds fail.
1575401	Left leg pain, began in calf now behind knee and groin and back of leg. Normal D Dimer and leg ultrasound. What else could it be? Haven't strained it.	Leg pain Could be sciatica, Baker's cyst, synovial cyst , femoral acetabular impingement syndrome if athletic. or ilio-tibla band( though that is usually lateral pain) syndrome. Hernias usually cause groin/upper thigh pain but pain has unusual distributions. May also be from intracranial HTN. Discuss with you doctor, ask if NSAIDS/neurontin /lyrica may help if from nerve involvment..
6690040	Having hot/cold flashes stomach cramping metal taste tender breast milky discharge. i had my last normal period an noT due for my next for 13 days could it b early signs of pregnancy ?	Unlikely The symptoms you described aren't "early signs of pregnancy. ".Besides, based on the math (you are mid-cycle--the time that ovulation occurs), if you conceived, it would be too early for you to have any signs of pregnancy even if you were. The breast discharge really concerns me. Please see a doctor.
1420184	Bwc case. Contusion/sprain knee approved. Surgeon says surgery. He tried to add chondromalacia but  was denied. Have mucoid dengeneration also on MRI?	Surgery proposed? You don't make it clear how recent the injury or what kind of surgery is proposed . This requires more explanation by your doctor because there are a lot of pitfalls with knee surgery and the insurance denial may or may not be a red flag.
980531	How long do allergy like flu last?  Had the rash in lip, runny nose, sneezing for 4 days but had a longer cough for weeks.  Only now these symps come.	Weeks If it is an allergy take your medicine like zyrtec. Check pollen count in your area from pollen.Com. Shower after going outside and change your bed linens. If persists see your primary care doctor.
767882	The right side of my head aches when i move around. I also get these clicking/popping sounds in my head when i walk. Any advice?	TMJ vs Migraine Your symptoms could be a sign of TMJ or a migraine headache. You should see your physician for an evaluation.
1029968	Swollen knee for a week. Can't squat or bend my knee won't support it. Pain.  No injury i didn't fall noticed the pain getting off couch week ago?	Hard to say There are a number of possibilities and usually a detailed exam with appropriate studies can make the diagnosis. Probably the three most common causes of painful swelling in the knee of a 20 year old without i injury would be: an overuse tendinitis around the answering bursa, an inflammatory condition, or an a traumatic internal derangement of the knee. Consider being checked. Thank you.
823605	Regular periods. On lo loestrin fe but rarely take it regularly. Last period was may 5 and its now june 14. Light spotting. Could i be pregnant?	Yes, is possible. Any woman on oral contraceptives that does not take them as directed and is sexually active can conceive.
1553305	Upper GI in 19mnth old showed the folds in small intestine slightly thick. What could cause it?She has had constipation,diarrhea,vomiting but no fever	Small intestines It depends on how thick the folds were. If they measured less than 3 mm, then the findings are benign. The diarrhea could cause accentuation of the folds
6648313	Small lump removed from left breast last week, biopsy report came normal but now a big thick lumph on same place no pain, increasing day by day?	Swelling It is difficult to say without seeing in you in person. One common reason for post incision swelling is a small bleed or "hematoma". Painless small amount of swelling is not worrisome and should resolve on its own.
1386680	Hello doctor, I have tuberculosis on my Rt epididimo and Rt Testicle. Is it contagious and spreadable I mean am I harmful to others? I have done exploration of testis from renowned hospital.	Not contagious TB is not contagious if it's not in the lung.
1130106	My thumb and 2 fingers closest go numb when i lean on my hand. I rock a lot. I put my two hands down while sitting and i rock back and forth. ?	Nerve You are putting pressure on the nerves at your wrist making the hand symptoms occur. Change your hand and wrist positions while rocking. It sounds like your symptoms are purely positional but you could try a wrist brace if your symptoms are severe.
1457680	Is this my allergies? i woke up this morning blowing my nose its stuffy stopped up a little my throat hurts its itchy my eyes has water running down	It could be This could be allergic or viral but also could be non-allergic rhinitis. Would treat with antihistamine or decongestant and if no response discuss with your physician.
1426928	Pain on my left side after I eat near rib cage, shortness of breath, feel pressure under breasts, soreness in back. Bowel movements abnormal?	Unrelated symptoms Your symptoms pertain to different systems. You may have a condition like anxiety or irritable bowel syndrome which presents with seemingly unrelated symptoms. See your PCP and discuss in detail including any psychological stressors you might have.
1318949	I had body aches for one week and headache and diarrhea. Yesterday my nose was stuffy and now I have a sore throat. What can this be?	Viral Probably a bad viral syndrome push fluids Tylenol or advil and rest
111783	My 18 month old has hand foot and mouth disease.Body is covered in itchy blisters. Can we use calamine or anything anti itch.Something besides tylenol?	Aveeno cream ok Aveeno =combo of pramoxine/calamine, indicated for the relief of itching associated with poison ivy/oak/summac etc. .It is for age 2 and above, but your 18 months is close-enough and so you may use sparingly 2-3x/day on the affected areas. Tylenol only helps with fever/sore/pain..So the aveeno may help with itching. Baby is contagious so keep way from other kids for now. Consult your doc. Good luck.
6758886	Is clindamycin stronger than amoxicillin, at equal doses, to temporarily treat a periodontal abscess?	Not stronger, different. They tend to cover different bacteria. Dentists and oral surgeons may prefer clindamycin for the organisms in the mouth. Better coverage than say amoxicillin. Sometimes it may be only a personal preference.
1273725	Went to er, bad lower stomach cramps, massive diarrhea. Wbc 13.27 (4.00x10.80) high neutrophils low lymphs. Pancreatitis? No test lipase or amylase. diangosis gastroenteritis. Felt 100% 2 hours later.	Probably It is difficult to give a full answer as I am unsure of other details regarding your case. Did you receive any antibiotics? A gastroenteritis can present with a high white count, stomach cramps and diarrhea. If you feel better now than rest assured.
750660	I have annular bulge at l2-l3 and l4-l5 which flattens the thecal sac. Would this cause tingly feet bilaterally?  What are treatment options?	Yes Flattening of the thecal sac indicates you have central cord compression at both of those levels. This will cause bilateral numbness and potentially weakness of your thighs (l2/3) and knee/ankle (l4/5). Numbness is a warning sign of nerve compression. Some disc disease is amenable to therapy, injections, core strengthening but if symptoms progress or persist i would advise further eval.
581367	Tmj will cause salivery gland swelling and pain?Because last month i hurted my jaw with clenching  last few day i feel swelling at my ear on cheek	No connection Tmj is not connected to the salivary gland. It is probably a coincidence.
126808	If you have interstitial cystitis can it cause you to have infections?	IC causing UTI Usually no; although the symptoms of an acute "flare" of ic can mimic those of a uti, and some of the treatments for utis (eg nitrofurantoin/macrobid/. .....) have been implicated in causing/aggrevating ic in pts with known disease.
6688464	What is Uterine fibroids&Ovarian Cyst and can a woman still become pregnant with the diagnoses?	Pregnancy possible A uterine fibroid is a non-cancerous tumor in the uterus. It doesn't usually prevent pregnancy unless it is very large or inside the uterine cavity. An ovarian cyst is a fluid structure on the ovary. Small ovarian cysts are a normal finding on the ovary. Large ovarian cysts (>4-5ccm) can cause pain but usually do not keep you from getting pregnant. Best wishes!
6645753	Can you get a pimple on the shaft of your penis? Have not had sex by the way so it is not an STD.	Yes While not the typical area where pimples happen - they can occur in the genital region due to an over activity of the sebaceous glands or ingrown hair. Any of the OTC spot treatments for acne would take it away pretty quickly (don't pop it). Hope that helps!
6790311	13 yrs old, fever 100 - 102 x 6 days. Body aches, headache, RLQ cramps, pain level 5. Green BM. Neg for flu & strep. No nausea or vomiting. Puzzled?	Likely a virus The body aches and headache make virus infections more common and the lack of vomiting is a positive sign that it is not appendicitis However, the fact that it is now 6 days is concerning Pain in that part of the belly always makes one think of appendicitis I think it is a good idea to be seen by a doctor again if the fever lasts over 7 days, if activity level remains low and if not eating
369601	If someone had stage 4 cancer and it spread to lungs and chest. Etc. Wouldn't a chest X-ray show something?	Maybe If the metastatic disease to the chest is minimal or only in lymph nodes a ct scan of the chest may be more sensitive to detect it compared to a chest xray.
284997	What could cause the lymph nodes in my neck and groin to be swollen for a month and little red bumps popping up everywhere?	HMM It could be many things from infectious to metabolic. ..It definitely needs to be evaluated soon by a physician...See your family doc soon..Especially since you say that it is getting worse..
1330498	What can be done to help with diarrhea after having your gallbladder removed? 1st bowel movement 4 days post op went from a little hard to diarrhea.	Bile salt diarrhea? Bile salt sequestrants may help, but "plugging up" diarrhea will not cure an infection, fix an inflammatory process, improve an ischemic gut, or correct a functional issue. Medical evaluation is recommended appropriate to the duration of your symptoms, associations (bleeding, weight loss, pain, vomiting), as well as your other medical co-morbidities. Call your doctor please and get checked.
1098297	My mammogram and ultrasound all turned out negative but right breast still hurts like crazy..What do I do?	See your doctor for Ask your doctor for help. You will benefit from a pain medication like tylenol to start with. In case you have fibrocystic condition in your breast, Danazol is one medication which can help. But you should see a doctor or an expert who deals with breast diseases.
103599	I have hand foot and mouth disease (from my 3 yr old). How many days is it contagious for?	7-10 days Hand foot and mouth disease is contagious for 7-10 days.
995164	Toothache can cause headache and dizziness? I'm experiencing these symptoms during the day. My tooth pulses and i can hardly chew. What should I do?	See your dentist Toothaches can lead to tmjoint pain, temporal headaches and earaches. A tooth that pulses could be inflamed due to it hitting harder and sooner than adjacent teeth ... Which can usually be corrected by a simple bite adjustment. Or it could be an indication of irreversible pulpitis (inflammation) and/or infection indicating the need for root canal therapy. Either way, you need to see your dentist.
1428099	I have one hard bump that can be felt, not seen on the outer part of the vaginal lip, which is swollen too. It only itches. What could this be?	Doctor visit It may be a sebaceous cyst, but it is best to see your primary doctor or OB-Gyn to have it looked at to be sure.
1302830	What to do if I have hypothyroid, ra, MS and other problems, when the blood work said high lymph nodes, how do you know which doctor to go to when this comes up?	Are you sure? It would be unusual to have both ms and rheumatoid, but I have seen it. You may mean high lymphocyte numbers, but to see if this is an issue, contact your main doctor. If you do have ms, certain drugs for your arthritis would be contra-indicated, so you may need some future guidance and co-ordination.
103591	I have foot calluses or corns. Can I cut them off myself?	Not safely. Don't cut, abrade. Use a pumice stone, or a tool intended for rubbing off corns, and don't go deep enough to start bleeding. Using scissors or a knife can cause infection, bleeding, or worse. Do not cut them yourself!
1388146	Does a negative IgM test for herpes mean i dont have herpes. I performed the test after 2 months of exposure both negative for IgM and igg.	Ok Should ok
1532509	Have developed several small   red splotch spots on the head of my penis.  Not sore or raised-does not seem to be spreading.  What is this?	Here are some ... Without further detail of the affected area and medical background, it's hard to offer an accurate assessment. At least, these sploches seem benign, non-urgent, and non- progressive. But for long term care, it's reasonable to get pro-evaluation and counseling so to decide if they're long-foreskin-related or not. If so, circumcision may be required. So, see urologist timely.
6755903	Do I have a increased chance of melanoma if mole is scratched or some tissues on the mole gets removed?	Benign Moles These benign moles stay benign even if you scratch them.Like skin, they are benign and scratching,etc did not make them change. If you have a new ''mole'' that you keep scratching and it bleeds,scabs and keeps repeating that sequence, then have the doctors look at it.
328969	Is Xanax better at treating panic disorder than ativan or klonipin? & is there any possibility it causes any cardiac effects? Cardiac arrest, arrythmia	See below Any of these can cause cardiac arrest or arrhythmia especially if overused. Xanax is shorter-acting, Ativan is a little longer-acting so it can build up more in your system. While none of these are safe for long-term use, i would say that xanax is the safer of the two.
715780	I have enlarged lymph nodes in neck and fatigue. I also have occasional pain under right rib cage and have been experiencing more acne.	Mono-like Sounds like a mononucleosis-like syndrome, which can have many causes, from epstein-barr virus. Cmv, toxoplasmosis, HIV and so on and so on. Go see a pcp and be thoroughly evaluated. This cannot be diagnosed over the internet.
1451270	What is ideal blood pressure (0 risk for strokes and heart attacks) for a 59.5 year old man who weighs 189 pounds and is 5' 11.5 "  inches tall?	Ideal blood pressure A 59 year old male with no cardiovascular risks should have no worries with a blood pressure of 120/80. This is a good average to shoot for. If you are consistently 10 units higher or lower then you should give your doctor a call and have him check it in the office. Good luck.
197889	I gave birth a week ago and got an epidural. And now my leg and feet are numb and tingling. How long will this last? And what can I do to fix it?	Time Most of the time back, leg, and foot symptoms like you are describing are caused by labor and not the epidural. As the baby moves through the birth canal its head can compress and damage many different nerves and that can result in symptoms afterwards. The recovery time for the nerve is variable but can take months to heal.
201080	What could be the white non-itchy rashes on the scrotum?	Not sure This is the type of question which cannot be answered easily without seeing the rash. Suggest you show this to a doctor.
1465605	Sore throat to the point where its painful to swallow, ear ache in both ears but mainly the left, a stiff neck and headaches on off Had for 7 days?	Get this evaluated Would certainly ponder a strep throat, but also, a sinusitis. Why have you delayed for one week? See your doctor, and get an answer and treatment. If you have strep, there are definite risks to heart and or kidney. Do NOT delay.
1199399	What is the best OTC cold medicine for 10 yr old healthy child? Running nose, itchy throat with mucus, sneezing, headache- no fever, no flu symptoms	Ibuprofen and Honey Believe it or not, raw honey, 1 to 2 teaspoons every 4 to 6 hours, is very beneficial. Also a good dose of Ibuprofen every 6 hours can be greatly helpful.
366981	Bone pain ( hip, groin, knee, and now heel, both wrists, right shoulder) . Elevated pth, calcium in 24 hour urine, negative scan, normal calcium blood?	Hyper parathyroid Sounds like you have hyper parathyroidism and you need your parathyroid at least 3 out of 4 of then removed and you should be fine.
262062	Im only 19 I have a sharp pain in on the left breast on my chest im a male its not a heart attack so what else could it be?	Muscle Most common is muscle esp w recent injury or stress, but could also be pleurisy, which is lung related and happens with deep breath. Anti inflam like Motrin may help both.
1384497	Low lymph and high eos include swollen lymph nodes in neck armpit and groin?	Actual number? It depends on how low the lymph is and how high the eos count is. A viral infection can cause low lymph whereas allergic reactions can cause high eos. This figure may also be a reflection of the total WBC. For example , if the WBC is 20% below average, then a 20% rise in eos may well be normal. You need to see your doctor about this condition.
1330729	My friend has a total bilirubin count of 9 from a blood liver function test. Is it too high? Is there any risk on life? What should be done?	High! All laboratory results need to be interpreted in the clinical context and the doctor who ordered the tests is usually in the best position to do that. Having said that, bilirubin level of 9 is high and she should seek care from a doctor, immediately, to determine the cause and address it accordingly.
1510291	I am on birth control pills, and had a light period, but at end of period for about 6 days have had lower abdominal pressure, bloating, and not consti?	YES IT CAN BE It can take your body 3+ months to adjust to all hormonal contraception, including birth control pills. It is not uncommon to get sxs like breast tenderness, nausea, irregular spotting/bleeding, ; cramping. Be sure to take your pill everyday, ideally around the same time. You can try taking Ibuprofen or Naproxen for the cramps and spotting. See your dr if sxs persist or worsen.
563358	I have been experiencing bad groin pain associated with abdominal bloating, nausea and indigestion.  What could be causing this pain?	See a doctor This is not something to be casually diagnosed on the internet. You need to be seen and examined, and frankly would not wait. Do this soon and hope you get better quickly.
1250546	What time frame can I have an IgM test done, and when does an IgG become effective for genital herpes?	Three weeks Igm measures early or acute viral infections. I would say the previous time frame you mentioned was ideal for igm and your physician blew it completely. (sorry to say. The wrong test was ordered.) igg is about twelve weeks.
1210525	I have a complex ovarian cyst no period for 3 months now real heavy bleeding and extremely sharp pain and vomiting do I go the er?	Urgent evaluation Sharp pain and vomiting with no periods for 3 months can occur with an ovarian cyst, but these can also be the symptoms of a ruptured ectopic pregnancy. If your pregnancy test is positive, this is a medical emergency. If your test is negative, you may still need evaluation for the amount of bleeding you are having, and to receive pain control. Talk to your doctor or go to emergency for evaluation.
1156297	I had a biopsy of a lump in my breast about 2wks ago and am having periods of pain in the breast. It is not constant but it is intense. Is this normal?	Pain After surgery is variable. Depends on the size ; location of the biopsy. Needs to be evaluated by your surgeon to be sure you are healing properly ; examined for swelling, infection or hematoma formation.
523000	Dry skin and bumps on lower thighs general  itchiness all over also suffer from. Eczema?	Part of the disease Eczema is a general term. You don't describe the bumps; when limited to the lower legs, there are some specific diseases. Generalized itching get be the result of allergy to environmental allergens, contact allergens (jewelry, cosmetics), irritation by shaving or other methods of hair removal. Less frequently, some systemic diseases. Without more information, i can't be more specific.
393526	Can an impacted tooth come in years later? I've had an impacted wisdom tooth for about 3 years. My dentist said to just leave it alone, since it wasn't causing problems. Now the spot is sore. It feels kind of like my other wisdom teeth did when they were	It It most likely is working its way to the surface and you are feeling the pressure. Also, you may be pinching the gum over that tooth if the tooth opposing it has overerupted. An exam by your dentist will let you know for sure and will give you your options.
1197895	My last period was on the 20th of last month, spotting that shows only on the toilet paper, I am sexually active, we use the pull out method only.	Dont guess. Take a test. they are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1285197	Hi I have a 3 year old daughter who is a restless sleeper, snores, talks in her sleep and always sleeps in weird positions could she have sleep apnea?	Yes A 3 yo that snores will likely develop sleep apnea within a year or so if she hasn't done so already. I would schedule a visit with an ENT and bring a recording of the sleep sounds. A sleep study may or may not be needed when this is reviewed. Good luck.
689403	I had lipoma removed by a nail today after that it's started to itch and burn for nearly 6 hours. On that place was lipoma and small brown mole. ?	Not sure What is the question? I do not understand the comment "removed by a nail. " diiscomfort after surgery or traumatic injury is normal at first.
1258390	Ear pierced 66 days ago. Snagged my piericing with shirt. Use alcohol to clean it and it burns, i probably tore it a bit. Ok to use neosporin too?	Yes okay Indeed you may use the ointment.
1230745	Male, 48, occasionally have white stringy floaters in urine. Had recurring utis (2), fully resolved after 3 weeks cipro. Had normal cystoscopy. Ideas?	?mucus This may be mucus coming from somewhere in the genital-urinary tract. The cystoscopy showed a normal urinary bladder. For the sake of completeness perhaps a urine cytology exam and a kidney ultrasound can be done. Discuss this with your urologist to see if he/she agrees. I assume the scrotum, epididymus, and testicles have checked out ok.
6723399	Trying to conceive. 2nd period post D&C due tomorrow. Neg preg test. Sharp pinching/uterine cramps x1 week. No sore breasts or PMS symptoms like usual?	Too soon to test If you miss your period by 4-5 days, do a home pregnancy test. If the result is negative, repeat the test in 3-4 days, unless you get a period by then. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully.
1376749	Huge mass on ovaries, ultrasound showed nothing, CT scan is how it was found. Being sent for surgery immediately, is it likely cancer or a cyst?	Not enough info BUT a large mass requiring surgery is important to get evaluated, and sent for biopsy which would provide a definitive diagnosis for you. Best wishes.
6766106	What is inflammation of the common bile duct & mucosal irregularity?Is it something to be concerned about?Can it heal itself after gallbladder removal	Yes you should it depend on the circumstances around the inflammation and what symptoms you have. i will be concerned and I will check with my GI for proper evaluation.
297024	My daughter had the implant put in 3 weeks ago, then found out she was pregnant. She had it removed asap, but yesterday she started to bleed. We went to a&e , they did a urine and blood test to see if she was pregnant all of which came back positive , she	Restate Please restate more concisely.
1289475	Period 5 days late, brstfeedin, only once sex with protection, ocasional abdomen cramp-leg/lower back pain since 4 days, clear stretchy dschrge 2day, preg?	Unlikely Why not just do a home pregnancy and then you know for sure instead of asking doctors on the internet to just guess.
1163601	My lymph nodes on my right side of my face is swollen also my cheek i went to the hospital said looks like a throat infection is this normal?	Can be Can be related to throat. If persistant get rechecked.
1272091	My daughter has a fever, white spots on her tonsils bad breath a very itchy rash everywhere but worse on the soles of her feet and hands what is this?	Rash and fever Depending on your child's status of immunization, this could be many things. You should call your pediatrician's office immediately for an appointment...Let them know what the symptoms are just in case they have special instructions for you before coming in.
6704574	I took Zyrtec this morning but am so congested would it be okay to take Benadryl too?	Decongestant zyrtec and benadryl are antihistamines. If you are congested, you might consider taking a decongestant
6745588	Been using head&shoulder for 2weeks for red itchy patches allover my head they are still everywhere so I use something else or be checked out for it?	Check it out Diagnosis first. Everything is not fungal. If it is fungal head and shoulder is not as effective as Nizoral shampoo. Try that twice a week for 2 weeks and if see no change see PCP or dermatologist
563239	Hard lump forming on side of head above right ear two days ago, hurts to touch/lay on, cause some headache and hurts to open jaw all the way.	Infection? I would worry that you have folliculitis or an abscess in your scalp. This is probably a difficult area for you to see, but if it is red, warm, and painful, it could be infected. In this case, a health provider needs to see if it requires drainage and/or if you need antibiotics. I would recommend seeing a health provider soon.
1329021	Tender breast, back pain post 9 days of IUI . Can it be pregnancy symptoms ?	Too early It's too early to tell. A pregnancy test in a few days may be positive, though, if you are.
610899	Hiatal hernias can put pressure on the chest cavity and organs such as the heart. Can this cause permenant muscle damage or trigger heart attacks?	No And no.
346806	Nausea, tender breast, fatigue, tender hardened nipples, heightened sense of smell and  sle lupus...Trying to conceive.. Am i pregnant?	Home test Maybe, maybe not. Do a home test today, you'll know.
408983	My daughter is 38 weeks pregnant and they did lab work today n told her to do a 24 hour urine collection. Why is that? Her blood pressure was high and that was reason for blood work	Urine protein The 24 hour urine was to check for the amount of protein that the kidneys put into the urine in a 24 hour period. It is part of the lab work for the high blood pressure she is having. In addition to the bp, there is blood work and urine testing to determine the seriousness of the elevated bp's. The concern is pre-eclampsia, which is a serious health risk of pregnancy.
1497953	I had an US 5 days ago on scrotum/testicles.8/28/14 I had right side inguinal hernia repair and have a 3-4 CM  mass on US findings?	Here are some ... Without additional info, I would not jump to draw conclusion to concern what was visualized on US imaging at the time of one month after right inguinal herniorrhaphy. At least, give additional 1-2 months for watching and following the expected further postsurgical wound resolution before prematurely assuming something as long as slowly but surely getting better day by day.
1554815	Im18 my last period was oct.19im irregularmy breasts are sore and I feel nauseous a few times a day also I'm getting cramps but no blood what's wrong?	Are you sexually active? If yes, please take a home pregnancy test if you have missed your period. Take care.
1185408	I am 32 year an mbbs doctor, I am married since 6th april 2013. I have multiple uterine fibroid  & 2 right ovarian cysts impression of endometriomas.	Surgery It seems that you have several problems affecting fertility and the most likely scenario is that you will need surgery to correct them.
6688619	My menstrual was 3/15/2015. Had Sexual relations on 3/28. Could I be pregnant? Headache, nausea, achy back sore breast	Its possible The timing is right. Its possible you are pregnant, however, your symptoms are non-specific. The best thing to do is to do a home pregnancy test if you miss your period and find out. You can buy one at the pharmacy without a prescription. Best wishes!
1557471	Had swollen glands then inflamed throat and red. I wake up my mouths dry and I keep swallowing. Im told thats normal after infection and inflammation.	Exam/culture Please go to your physician or clinic and get tested for strept. infection.
6742673	My right fallopian tube completely blocked & my left fallopian tube partially blocked but I got pregnant 2x  and the result I always got miscarriage.	Congratulations! Congratulations, you were still able to conceive and it wasn't an ectopic pregnancy. The miscarriages were more a genetic malfunction of the ovum then an inability for the sperm and egg to get together. If the remaining Fallopian tube ultimately closes, the In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) could be an option for you.
1608476	Burning hot pain on back of knee that spreads to calve with minor twitch. Gets worst when lying down or at rest. No injury, swelling nor redness?	Neuropathy seems like a nerve is being pressed upon which then sends out "messages" to u. This called neuropathic pain-the burning. The nerve may not necessarily be compressed at the knee, but can be at the hip or back. Ur primary care doc can start a work up and do a physical exam to see where it may be originating from, and refer u to a specialist if need be.
369702	I took a pregnancy test and it came back negative. I had unprotected sex the 20 & 10th of nov, missed Depo-Provera on oct 11th should take one again?	Pregnancy possible The possibility exists. If you are one week late and still haven't had your menses, you should perform a home pregnancy test. If it is negative, repeat in one week.
787904	Extreme fatigue, getting worse, with dizziness, low blood pressure. What can I do?	See a doctor Find out what is wrong, and have yourself treated so that you can feel normal again. Feel better soon.
11795	What type of herpes simplex virus causes cold sores?	Hsv-1. Usually Fever blisters are usually caused by hsv-1, but they can be caused by hsv-2.
877967	I had two neg. D dimer tests, but my legs are killing me. I never had a DVT ever but is it worth it to get an ultrasound to be sure?	Yes There are many causes of leg pain and DVT is only one. D-Dimer is not sensitive enough to exclude all blood clots and it does not evaluate for venous insufficiency. A duplex for both obstruction and insufficiency to evaluate your deep and superficial veins is a good start. There are other causes of leg pain such as myositis, referred pain from nerve compression etc that a doctor can help with
1301875	What do you suggest if i had very small pimples on my penis allround, some time it irritate. What is the reason, pl reply me?	Penis pimple or not? Penis bumps can be many things. Some STDs, some not. Only general advice can be given without a photo or physical exam. Top 2 photos are non-STDs: Fordyce spots (sebum which can be extricated by M.D. or left alone), Infected hair follicle (plucked and kept clean). Bottom 2 photos are STDs (HPV and Molluscum) to be evaluated by your MD so s/he can rule out other STDs and council you for prevention.
1142631	Last period was 15 dec.Next one 13jan, 2014.Took pregnancy blood test on 13th&was +ive.Had a d&c.But no blood yet&breasts still big.Am i still pregnant?	D and C You state that you had a d and c after you had a positive pregnancy test. A d and c is where the doctor cleans out the uterus after a miscarriage or for other reasons.
1446250	Pain behind knee cap. Bulging foot veins. Leg hurts when pressure applied. Cramping in calf and thigh. Neg ddimer and ultrasound.  What could it be?	Chondromalac/compart When knees develop early tendonitis change, there can be periods of flare where inflammation and pain can develop behind the kneecap due to cartilage tears. This is also called patellar chondromalacia.There is also concern for compartment syndrome given your vascular complaints. It is thus best to see a Sports Medicine &/or Vascular MD to diagnose what is going on and make sure of the diagnosis.
654734	My mother age is 58. High blood pressure patient. She feels her feet burning and feel her feet heavy  mostly before going bed at night. Please advice?	Neuropathy Your mom has peripheral neuropathy. There are a plethora of possible causes but the most common is diabetes which may or may not have been previously diagnosed. She needs a full evaluation with her doctor.
659019	I have a recurring rash in the same spot on the upper back of my thigh. It's red, bumpy, dry and itchy. I get it every few months, lasts 2-3 days
?	Could be This could be a fixed drug eruption. See your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options.
6769906	Pain behind left shoulder wrapping around under arm to behind  left breast, muscle twitch from  elbow to thumb.  Thyroid test and ANA test are normal.	Nerve entrapment It sounds like you may have some kind of neuralgia. I would consider seeing a neurologist.
1521017	I had unprotected sex a few weeks ago, with no other form of protection. He finished inside, my period is late, I have sore breasts, cramps. pregnant?	Very possible, You have signs and symptoms of pregnancy. You have had unprotected sex, therefore, you need to do a home pregnancy test. These are very accurate. In the meantime eat well, exercise and get good rest. No alcohol or smoking. Good luck.
6744471	My 4yr has developed a rash underarm and along torso. Bumps are small, white and raised.He says they hurt and itch. He has had rash  for 2 weeks now.	Unable to answer Rashes are impossible to answer in this format An exam is necessary to make the DX. Two weeks is long enough-I would suggest an apt with your DR.
1344804	I have PCOS. TTC for 2 years. had 4 reg periods this year. 40-50 days cycle. have really sore breasts, nausea and cramps but 2 neg pregnant results. preg?	See a fertility Dr. You should get a blood pregnancy test (more sensitive than a home preg. test). If negative, as you've been TTC without success you should seek help from a fertility specialist. Long or irregular cycles mean that you're ovulating fewer times a year but you also should be checked for blocked fallopian tubes, problems with your uterus, sperm issues and low egg supply (diminished ovarian reserve).
127772	If you take ibuprofen daily should you still take a baby aspirin daily to prevent heart disease?	Why meds We know that if you have cv risks to take aspirn that Ibuprofen with interfer with its efficacy. You physican will have to look at you risks and what therapy you need. Alternative to Ibuprofen that does not have this NSAID interference with Aspirin is important if you need aspirin.
1548086	What causes 5 second burning sensations, like hot spots, on the chest, arms, back, and abdomen? All bloodwork ok, EKG ok, holter ok. Pinched nerve?	Chest pain Hi, most likely anxiety, which causes the patient to breathe faster and therefore for a seconds the blood calcium level falls and causes this sensation, blowing a paper bag might help.
1595824	I have moderate facet arthropathy at L4 and L5 what can help to treat it or fix it. What is it. Does it cause pain to walk.	Avoid extension ... Facet arthropathy is arthritis in the posterior joints of the spine. Any arching of the back will aggravate your condition. Axial loading is also not recommend. You need to keep your lumbar spine flexed and avoid any arching of the back. Hip capsule & flexor stretches will help maintain your posture. You need to see an physical therapist after the orthopedist writes the appropriate prescription.
1328776	Bloating excessive gas occasional diarrhea and dry stools,not anaemic, stool test normal and no weight loss, could it be bowel cancer? I'm 24	Too young toworry Colon cancer would be the last thing you need to consider.it is rare in young people. You can ignore this for now.Only if this persists, you should go see a physician and let him/her help you.Unless there is rectal bleeding you do not need to think Cancer!
723604	How much is normal bleeding after an ovarian cyst has ruptured, and how long?	No bleeding It is not common to get vaginal bleeding after a ruptured ovarian cyst. If your menstrual bleeding is atypical and persists, seek care.
6628353	I have non stop visual aura w/out migraine for 1 year.  MRI showed I'm having lots of migraines. Not always a headache. How do I stop aura?	Migraine prevention Your MRI showed that you are having migraines? I think in this case it is not certain you have a migraine, but let's say for the moment you do. Perhaps some prevention of vascular migraine phenomena may help you. This could be a blood pressure medicine like propranolol. It has been used to prevent migraines.
1572659	Mild pain in upper thigh and pubic area male. sensitive to touch after long sitting.No hernia and inguinal node, but there is a degenerative disc .	Get checked Do you have severe low back pain, leg weakness, sensation changes your bowel or bladder, numbness in your sit areas, problems holding your urine or stool or sexual dysfunction? I so, you may have a potentially serious condition in the lower spine - cauda equina syndrome. Do see your clinician in any case for evaluation & treatment. Meanwhile, you can take acetaminophen or an NSAID for relief.
1424988	I had a normal MRI of the head. would that have shown any tumors that could cause symptoms in ear? (i.e. pressures, whooshing sound when swallow)	Probably An MRI is probably the best imaging technique for finding brain tumors but your symptoms sound more like an inner ear issue. Could it be swimmer's ear? If the symptoms continue, you should see your PCP who may need to refer you to an ENT doc. Good luck!!!
1089889	Chest pain for 3days , nausea, pain under chin ..Went to hospital diagnosed with cluster migraines . Took ECG chest X-ray nd bloods all fine? Still sore	CHEST PAIN 3 DAYS If all study was fine, could be related to muscle or chest wall pain some advil or tylenol otc can help ( check if no allergy to any medication).
518785	Cough 2weeks, sometimes hurts in chest, body aches, no fever.Taking Mucinex dm, netti pot, gypsy cold tea w/no results. Any recommendations?	Influenza test Better to be safe and have a rapid influenza test since this sounds very much like a viral infection. No fever leads me to think less likely influenza but better to rule it out.
547423	Is there any parasites or worms that cause chronic pain in flank/ kidney? Urine is high in wbc, protein & blood. Ct scan clear. Urologist puzzled.	Very unlikely Unless you live in a tropical climate the answer is absolutely no your urinalysis suggests kidney inflammation and you need to see a nephrologist and not a urologist.
6700473	Regular periods every 30 days.LMP march 28.did a home test on april 30th- neg.Today i tested my blood for beta hcg-neg. 0.02.mild cramps n discharge?	Not pregnant. You may have vaginal infection or pelvic infection. See your doctor.
1476754	I had a positive urine screen on friday and hCG blood test on monday.  My hCG was only 7.2, is this an indication of a chemical pregnancy/miscarriage?	Repeat.. It is certainly a low Hcg level but still you would need to have it repeated in order to have a final diagnosis. With pregnancy the levels should be raising steadily. Make sure you follow up with your GYN provider in order to get all the tests that you need in order to find out.
1605177	I was diagnosed with an inner ear infection over two months ago, I experince dizziness daily and now neck pain and headaches what can I do?	Ear infection inner infection can cause dizziness, there are instances where people develop meningitis after an ear infection causing headache , it is advisable to go see doctor to find out the cause of the headache specially if it is a daily headache
404095	Can i get pregnant if i haven't had a period? I got a Depo-Provera shot 2 1/2 months ago and had unprotected sex. I haven't dropped any eggs and was wondering if i could get pregnant.	It It would be very unlikely that you would be pregnant as depo lasts for 12 weeks. If you continue to be concerned then take a pregnancy test, but again it would be extremely unlikey.
1129599	I have a number of small spot like lumps on the shaft of my penis that have been there for a few months. I have been told by a doctor they arent warts?	Maybe is If you have new bumps on the shaft of your penis, you may have genital warts. You should see a dermatologist and have one of the bumps biopsied to get a definite diagnosis. Without trying to sound like one of your parents, make sure you always practice safe sex!
534467	When i swallow or there is loud sounds it feel like there is wind in my ears or some type of weird sound. What could this be ?	Air in ears When you swallow, you produce positive pressure in your pharynx or column that extends from behind your nose to behind your throat. This pushes air through eustachian tubes, which is a tube that runs from the back of your nose to your ear. Therefore, what you feel is indeed wind into your ears when you swallow.
1221000	I had 2 iv's for a spinal surgery now I have noticed a vein in my arm is very hard the length of my forearm and is sore. Is this something dangerous ?	This is common This is very common and not dangerous. This is probably a small blood clot in the vein and will go away by itself. You can help it go away quicker by applying warm compressed a few times a day.
6771750	I went to urgent care yesterday to get my UTI symptoms checked out (including frequent urination, burning urination, blood in my urine, fatigue, fever and chills, headache) I've had many UTI's before, but none accompanied by fever, bloody urine, and small	That suggests it Was a more severe urinary tract infection. Hopefully you've been started on treatment and ate feeling better. If you're not then you may need to be further evaluated for some of the complications that we see with urinary tract infections and may even require intravenous antibiotics.
528742	Life expectancy for lung cancer gone to brain. Pet scan shows no other cancer now, only 1 tumor on brain. Surgery and whole brsin radiation will be?	Factors Many factors are involved: age, immune system, type of tumor, gender in certain cases, type of chemotherapy , compliance among many others. Your oncologist is the best guide.
6688268	I have post nasal drip and temple pain on both side of my head. i had sinusitis too but the pain on my face is gone. no congestion. what is this?	Rhinitis vs Headache Post nasal drip, sinusitis, and facial pain/pressure can be due to poorly controlled allergic/non-allergic rhinitis. Daily nasal sprays important to maintain control, can use chlorpheniramine at night for worsening drip. See Allergist to determine sensitivities for avoidance measures. Temple pain could be related to tension-type or migraine headaches depending on presentation, not typical sinus HA
1556997	Pain under left breast/ upper left abdomen. 21 year old female. Ribs, thoracic spine and chest xrays are good.	Pain If the pain get worse when you touch the area, it is probably muscular in nature. If it changes and gets worse with breathing, it could indicate something in the lungs, like pleurisy or pneumonia. The possiblity of heart problems at this age is unlikely, unless there is history from before
6742857	Sore calf, pain in front of thigh or upper leg, and knee.  Should  I be concerned about a blood clot?  Pain started today.  Please advise.	Because You mention it, I would be concerned. Have it looked at.
1257663	Consistent internal shaking lower body, palpitations and chest pain. Pulse is averaging 52-55 per minute. Any ideas? Worried as usual.	Panic attack You are carrying your stress in your torso and your body is extremely tired of this. It is trying to get you to breathe better. To burn off this negative energy in healthier ways, perhaps it is finally time in your life to get the right insight into your inadequate coping skills and to learn how to feel your feelings in more realistic ways. There is a solution.
1494607	Can GERD, esophogitis and Gilbert's syndrome cause upper right quadrant pain? Hida scan normal lab for liver and pancreas normal?	Yes The Gilbert's syndrome is an essentially normal variant for some people and does not cause pain. However, if you have GERD and know esophagitis, you can experience this as right upper quadrant pain. Often those findings are associated with dysbiosis and this abnormal bowel kinesis causes the pain.
1397840	I had a broken elbow repaired May 29th which involved a plate and 10 screws.  My hand and fingers are still swollen even though I am exercising ?	Swelling It is not surprising that you have swelling after hardware placement. It can go on for quite some time. Modest exercise is a good idea but your hands are likely hanging at your sides most of the time and that will lead to swelling. At night, if you can sleep with your hands on your chest that will help and raise your hands above your head periodically during the day.
6647980	I woke up with an extreme throbbing pain in my arm. No strain, no pulled muscle (that I am aware of), no redness, no rash. My mom has a history of blood clots but I have never had any problems with them. It does radiate all through my arm mostly about two	BLOOD CLOT?? CHECK WITH YOUR DOCTOR
644427	My son is 2 years old he has stuffy and tuning nose sneezing for 3 tweaks whent to doc a weak ago. Say lungs okay.  Still has stuffy and running nose?	Check house allergen It could be an allergen in or around the house: from pets to dust to grass etc----that may be a triggering factor. Generally speaking, when a doctor says that 'lung is okay', it means that a person is not wheezing and does not have signs of pneumonia. If you can find the offending allergen and remove it, your sons symptoms may go away.
6792206	Can vitamin d deficiency cause pain in back right arm and right leg with stiff calf muscles and tingling , a little right portion of back is stiff?	Vitamin D deficiency would not be my first impression. Certainly significant vitamin D deficiency can cause symptoms of bone, joint or muscle pain, it would not be so localized as you suggest involving specific areas of the right leg and arm. I would be more suspicious of a nerve impingement syndrome involving your back. This requires careful evaluation by your doctor and possible imaging, i.e. CT or MRI.Make an appt
6650858	Had surgery for kidney stone on Monday with stent placement. I'm in terrible pain even with pain meds. Is this normal? Also got bladder infection.	No Not knowing what procedure you had done, exactly, it's hard to say. But most procedures for kidney stones should relieve pain, not cause it. Call your doctor or go to ED.
1398799	Can an STD in your throat cause one side to be sore, one tonsil mildly swollen, with redness on the crown of your throat, and itchy?	STDs There is only one STD that causes pain in the throat and that would be Herpes. You are not in any way describing an STD by the symptoms you list.
1234449	Dry eyes. Headache. Dizziness. Pressure in face and nose. Fullness in head. And occasionally hoarseness. Started first day of spring. Treatment?	Check with your Dr. Many of your symptoms sound like sinus type issues-particularly the pressure in the face and nose. This can also lead to inner ear problems if there is an infection or inflammation here. It does not appear that you have been treated with a decongestion yet. You may want to see your physician to see if you need antibiotics.
1141570	What are the chances of getting endocarditis after a dental cleaning if you take amoxicillin  beforehand and have a congenital heart condition?	Close to none.. If you are following the american heart association recommended premedication regiment , you are safe , make sure you follow up with your cardiologist periodically
1505707	At first I thought it was an ingrown hair or just a pimple from shaving in my public area, but now I have a cluster of puss like bumps.	Skin infections Pus filled bumps on the skin are usually the symptom of a skin infection. When they become red, warm to touch and painful it is called cellulitis. Treatment of this includes oral antibiotics and occassionally drainage. See your doctor, because resistant infections are becoming more common and require special treatment.
597270	How to get fix a retracted ear drum. Sinus congestion one month, constant postnasal drip ear pressure got severe two weeks ago with loss of hearing?	Sinus Issue Many of my patients have problems with their ear (retracted ear drum) due to their problems with their sinuses. I have been able to help alot of patients by treating their sinus issues appropriately. Also, some physicians are now dilating the eustachian tube (relatively new procedure - not fda approved) which can help in refractory cases.
614927	I have a small pea size lump under the skin on my labia above and to the left of the clit. It is bruised red and tender. What would cause this?	Bartholin's Gland Normally, these glands maintain labial moisture and sex lubrication. You never know they're there until they get blocked up or infected like this, and then it can be horrible! you may have a visit with your fp or walk-in clinic to confirm and try antibiotics; but, the worst-case scenario would be that a surgical excision may be necessary.
614925	Blood tests showed high  antibodies to: ana, ssdna, sm, rnp/sm, ssa(ro), ssb(la), scl-70, centromere.  Is this likely lupus or a different automimmune?	Likely SLE. Sounds most c/w sle but would have to know your clinical picture and see how you do over time. May represent mctd.
1553157	The lymph node on the right hand side next under jaw is swollen & tender. I have no sore throat or cold. What could cause this?	Lymph node jaw area This may or may not be a lymph node. eg the salivary glands can plug up and swell to cause a lump in that area. In any case you need to see your doctor to find out if you have a problem or not.
1574599	Dr. Ive been having a dry cough fo 3 months...lately I just feel amd itch in my chest when i breath...and end up expelling a clear phlem what is it?	Multiple things can cause 3 months of dry cough. Medications, infections and lung diseases such as asthma are common culprits. Regardless, your symptoms necessitate a visit with a physician for proper analysis.
1440609	Can you have a urinary tract infection without pain? My only symptoms are light pink bleeding and horrible pressure as if I have to push to urinate	You have pain The discomfort that you describe as pressure suggests cystitis.
600263	I have been having headaches on the right side only with nausea and bloating. I've also had numbness and tingling all over my body. Any ideas why?	Sinus or migraine Many patients with migraine have facial pain and are bothered by bright light and sounds. They also may experience visual changes prior to be headache coming on. Sinus disease usually has nasal obstruction fever and nasal discharge. An evaluation either by an otolaryngologist comfortable in treating migraine or neurologist may help.
1042481	Can digoxin be used in patient with irregular heart beat while the patient also suffering from hypotension?Please help.	Yes It is one of the few medication which can be with cardiac arrhythmias without causing hypotension.
1439540	Sexually active, have had unprotected sex many times, got period 3-4 days ago, over the last 2 days ive woken up to throwing up. Help!!!!!? Only 16...	Vomitng Do you have a fever? Pain? Food poisoning? vomiting can represent a thousand different possibilities.
787828	Is it normal for your feet and ankles to swell up at only 5 months pregnant? They are so swollen, and im not very big i weigh about 125 lbs. Is it somthing dangerous?	Possible To occur. Clots are something to be mindful of if you are feeling pain to your calves but i doubt they would occur bilaterally. If in doubt see your oc.
1035167	Went to ENT for clogged/ringing in ear said ear looked fine did hearing test and gave steroid for slight hearing loss what causes this is steroid safe?	I commonly See patients with a small amount of fluid in the middle ear causing symptoms similar to yours and treat with steroids to speed up the healing process. This problem will usually clear without treatment but most people desire faster results.
1121680	I'm 6 days late and i'm experiencing diarrhea and nausea. I been like this for 5 hrs now... Is this a sign or early pregnancy? Or just a stomach flu?	Flu Season First 'diarrhea and nausea' are in no way signs of pregnancy. It is the flu season, so i would chalk this up to that. Second, if you were sexual during your ovulation and you are missing a period we no longer just sit and wonder, we go get a pregnancy test. These are readily available everywhere, even in pennsylvania.
6713682	I have red itchy bumps on my legs only. I've changed soap, detergent, lotion, & stopped shaving. Also tried a new razor w/ ea shave. Legs are scabbed.	Sounds like Urticaria. The scabs are like from you scratching. See a dermatologist and/or allergist for recommendations and treatment.
698284	Ruptured ear drum- i finished amoxicillin 2 days ago, no itchyness, no drainage, just stuffy and echoey, should I be concerned?	Ruptured ear drum Should be checked to insure healing after antibiotics.
575467	I have itchy left little finger and side of hand. It's been itchy for about a week now. No sign of allergy or redness, unless i scratch it. No bumps.	This could just Be dryness causing itching. Use aquaphor ointment to moisturize it. Try over the counter topical steroid to help with inflammation.See doctor if no better.
1200442	I'm going in for surgery to have uterus/ cervix removed, ovaries gone already. Will i gain weight afterwards.	Only if ... ...You take in more calories than you burn up.
347723	After treatment yeast infection i had pain during intercourse with slight bleeding.Tests for bacteria, yeast, gonorrhea, and chlamydia are negative.?	Pain during sex Let's talk about non-medical causes. Was it rougher type sex you had or was your partner not gentle enough? Could your partner's member been too large for you? It's not just infection that could have caused the pain and bleeding, you know.
6785995	Pain In head feels like something popping. Test are normal Ct, MRI MRA & blood work. Above left ear. Nausea & vomiting can't stand light on left eye?	Sounds like migraine If pain is throbbing on one side such as your parietal lobe of the brain, or behind the eye (ocular), with photophobia (fear/reaction to light) and nausea/vomiting, you may very well have a migraine. So please get yourself to a healthcare provider for proper diagnosis and treatment. Thanks for trusting HealthTap.
1144959	Are kidney cancer cells different from breast cancer cells and lung cancer cells?	Yes All three can be classified as adenocarcinoma, but each has characteristics which let them be identified by the organ of origin.
1573522	I have four stitches on between my thumb and index .i had a wart removed its been four days.but it has been drying sort of but it looks as though its not healing by the stitches but getting dry.and the edges are getting dark just twu spots like dots. my m	Unless it draining keep it dry...change dressing if indicated and get stitches out (if they are not "temporary") when indicated by your surgeon/dematologist Hope this helps Dr Z
1457829	Slight tight/fullness in lower abdomen. Neg pregnancy test 5 weeks after sex. Irregular periods. Should I be concerned or trust the negative test?	Yes No pregnancy but the cause for the irregular cycles needs to be evaluated.
591724	Had shingles twice&"reactivated mono" twice currently showing epstein barr virus elevated now also have spleen that is 13 CM & low thyroid? What is it	Discuss Discuss with your doctor. If he/she does not know then they will refer you to someone that can tell you.
1352603	Pain in chest at heart area.too much burps.have gerd.
Blood pressure normal.
What it could be?	Prob not heart young female without diabetes or HTN. You (i assume) are still having periods you did not mention any significant family history or high cholesterol. The reflux may be poorly controlled and this may also be causing some esophageal spasms. Go see your FP or a gastroenterologist for labs,upper GI,EGD etc. Take your antacid daily not just she you need it. If you are already doing that take 2 until
275086	I have recently gotten Depo-Provera which I have been on before and my vagina feels swollen its tender to the touch and I have a white creamy discharge it's uncomphertable when I pee but if I put a warm rag on it it feels better. Soap burns my inner lips	Not the Depo You have some type of a vulvo-vaginal infection. There are otc tests for these type of infections yet it sounds like yeast! cold compresses and a soaking cool bath can help and if yeast get an otc yeast med cream for inside and on the outside.
1443757	Left ovary pain fatigue always tired severe cramps nausea vomiting.... Had hysterectomy possible pregnancy?	See gynecologist. Your symptoms warrant an examination by the gynecologist.
950485	Vomiting, diarrhea, chills, headaches. What could be wrong with me?  Cant even keep down liquids and im so dizzy	Could be infection This look like infection. You need to see a doctor get treated. Make sure drink enough fluid. Diarrhea could cause dehydration and electrolytes imbalance which could develope dizziness, nausea, vomiting and headache.
1031939	Its been one month im feeling dizziness , head spining, nausea, ears and eyes pain, low blood pressure. I don't understand wht is going on with me?	See a doctor I recommend seeing a doctor so that they can make a proper diagnosis and give you something to get rid of the condition or relieve symptoms.
1031425	Does the liklihood of pregnancy increase from starting a new birth control pack 1 day late? Sex last day of period. Ovulate after missing 1 pill?	Possible While highly unlikely, it is possible to ovulate in the first week of your pill pack, so it's important to try never to miss pills that first week. Having said that, the likelihood is still very low given unlikely to ovulate that early in one's cycle. I would continue your pills through end of pack and then check a pregnancy test at end of pack.
1031421	I think i broke my nose. It hurts to touch and when i tilt my head i feel pressure on my nose. It didn't bleed and i think it happened in my sleep.	Hard to tell without ...An exam. It would be unusual to break your nose in your sleep without a known trauma (e. g.Fall). Other conditions may cause pressure or pain at the nose. See your doc.
1592889	What is the life expectancy of a 54yr woman with Stage 4 Breast cancer, metastasized to bones, brain and spinal fluid? BRCA2 positive	Mets of Breast cance It depends on treatment so far.. .This is not a good prognosis..it is all about managing quality of life and options. No one knows of course, life expectancy but in my opinion quality of life is MOST important
1007309	Used ground flax seed daily until broke out with itchy red bumps on hand, leg and arm..I did scratch and caused terrible sores..  Swell now on my face?	Stop flaxseed This may be coincidental although it is possible that you may be allergic to flaxseed. If the problem continues after 10 days off of flaxseed, it is unlikely to be related to it. The sores may be from an infection or something more serious. See your doctor soon.
1012085	Severly itchy raiaes off skin rash that started on arm then spread to legs and back it get red and hot what is this?	Rash It may be dermatographism, but it is best to have your rash evaluated by a doctor for a proper diagnosis.
611143	My echo results- trivial mitral valve regurgitation, mild (1+-2+) pulmonic valve regurgitation, trivial (-1+) tricuspid valve regurgitation- normal?	Missing Data Some important data are missing before i can say normal. What is pa pressure. What about lv function etc. If they r normal then only i can comment on it sorry!
6769339	My 8 year old son has flesh colored NOT itchy bumps that sort of look like bug bites or hives but only on his knees and elbows, what could it be?	Rash It is difficult to know for sure without more history and without seeing the rash, but may be a type of virus or wart called molluscum contagiosum. Let your doctor have a look. It does go away with time so most doctors leave it alone. All the best.
1274146	Had unprotected sex on 3/29 took Plan B 3/30 got early short period 4/6 full of clots soaked a couple tampons now 4/16 nauseas and breast tenderness?	Test Please do not ask us to guess. Physicians never guess when it comes to pregnancy. If you are worried, go get a pregnancy test.
1457822	Period ended 16th of august, I had unprotected sex on the 19th - 22nd I have been experiencing lower abdominal cramps and sore nipples am I pregnant?	Unprotected sex You didn't give 2 critical data: the 1st day that you started to bleed, and the avg length of your cycle. The latter is calculated from # of days from 1st day of 1 period to the 1st day of next. There are apps for that on smartphones. When in doubt, buy a preg test or get tested. If preg is not wanted, inquire about a safe birth control method for you. Prevention can keep you from worrying.
1151576	Herpes? Unprotected sex, itchy bumps on vagina where i shave for couple weeks, itching stops when put shea butter on it, no pain, no burning, no fever	See a doctor Without the ability to examine you would only be guessing. What is most important is that if you have had unprotected sex you should also be thoroughly tested for stds besides herpes. Go and get seen and be careful in the future.
6761105	Popped my neck 8 days ago by tilting my head to one side. Felt "lightheaded" with "electricity" all over. Still feeling it some, but less. What is it?	Irritation of nerve which passes through your cervical spine in your neck can result in these types of symptoms. "Popping" your neck can result in irritation and/or inflammation of a nerve or the spinal cord which passes through your cervical spine. The symptoms should resolve as the inflammation improves. Gentle range of motion exercises of your neck muscles daily will help prevent these problems.
6729730	What could cause swollen glands on neck (back and front). Slight sore throat and headache not too bad but no other symptoms?	Get checked. Allergies can present like this sometimes. Try benadryl and see if it helps. if not, it's likely a viral or bacterial infection. Strep can present with minor symptoms, especially in adults, so it is important to get checked for this, especially if you have been exposed to strep or if kids around you have sore throats, and fever.
746628	How would lung cancer (tumor) spread to the brain?	Lung Cancer Cells from cancer break off into blood , settle in brain, and grow into a tumor.
399237	Could I have an std? I am a teenager and have never had sex but have done oral sex. I have a lot of non stop vaginal discharge with a weird/ bad odor. My vagina is red, dry and irritated and is itchy and kinda burns. I have been treated for yeast infectio	As As a gynecologist, i always counsel patients with questions of this type to be seen by a gyn specialist as promptly as possible. Understand that it is impossible to make a diagnosis of this type without n appropriate examination and testing, and ultimately give you the treatment you require. Untreated or misdiagnosed pelvic infections can have serious long term consequences.
1362764	If you have an ear infection, can you have swollen glands on the back of the head?	Yes Lymph glands in the posterior triangle of the neck, usually behind the ear drain infections usually from the external ear or ear canal. They are usually firm, not larger then 0.5-1.0 cm and can be tender.
687921	Is it normal to have burning on the vagina or a yeast infection while on bcp?	Yes This can certainly occur. But it is not caused by bcps. It can happen anytime, and bcps will not prevent it either.
6649787	Mri Report Says Posterocentral Disc Protrusion At l4/l5 Level, Compressing Thecal Sac.compres is in center,in my case is it  Cauda Equina Syndrome???	Probably not You are right in saying the protrusion is in the center and pushing back toward the area where the cauda equina is, but cauda equina syndrome is characterized by really severe back pain usually associated with numbness in the legs and bowel and bladder incontinence or retention. It is not subtle, and usually requires severe compression of the canal, which was not mentioned by you.
108879	Lower left side abdominal bloating, is it because of gas?	Really just gas? There are lots of reasons for gassiness & bloating, & not all of them are due to the GI tract. Even "functional" syndromes may be present without underlying "disease." however psbo (paralyzed gut) due to metabolic & inflammatory conditions nearby (like an untreated infection of gyne or urinary tract) must be considered. See doctor, esp. If no relief from otc simethicone, beano, & dietary changes.
746622	Might it be that a a one-time yeast infection anti-biotic cause you to miss your period?	No No it will not.
1497385	My vagina is itchy before my period with one week it becomes sever and there's white dischar with bad smell and it won't stop I took pill and did test?	Vaginal infection Phew wee! If something smells as badly as described, I would immediately see a GYN because you have a possible vaginal bacterial infection that needs to be treated by the "good doctor" to eliminate the "bad smell".
6733078	What are the causes of a sudden, sore, burning throat, accompanied by a dry cough and shortness of breath. The roof of my mouth feels as if it was burned. In addition, my throat feels tight and eating food seems to irritate it even more.  ?	Posterior drip what you are describing is typical of posterior nasal drip. while you are asleep, the posterior nasal drip will irritate your throat, and your vocal cord, and your wind pipe. you will end up with a bad dry cough, sore throat, that will eventually get worst as the cough get worst. sleep with your head up. take benadryl at night. take zyrtec during the day. drink hot tea with lemon and honey
1122029	In november i had a very odd period. It was very very light, very short, and brown. No period in dec. Yeast infection now and negative pregnancy test?	Irregular cycle There are many causes of irregular cycle. Pregnancy is always a possibility. Vaginitis (yeast or other) can cause bleeding and brown discharge. Hormone irregularities can also interfere with normal cycles. I recommend keeping a menstrual chart and if still irregular in 2 months you need to consult a physician.
6788271	Tonsils swollen. Neck pain. Ear pain. Tightness in throat. Had same problem last summer. Doctor said it was allergies and GERD. Eventually went away.	Avaluation You should see your doctor for evaluation to find the cause ,so be treated.
405918	If I have a canker sore/cold sore, why did my hsv1 test come back negative? I had a canker sore that resulted in giving my girlfriend genital herpes when i gave her oral sex....She's positive for hsv1, but i'm not. Is that normal? Did we take different te	See a doctor See a physician and quit making false assumptions of what diseases you have.
1485694	Light brown w/clear discharge, minor itch (I get hot down there even with loose clothes) minor smell (own vaginal scent) no stds, one partner. Normal?	Can be normal can see doc to find out what it is
1374913	I have hives, took Zyrtec 3 hours ago and it didn't help. Can I take some Benadryl now?	Yes yes
1189224	I am 29 & this my 2nd pregnancy. The first one was ectopic. The sonographic report says anteverted uterus bulky. Gestational age 4.5 weeks. Worry?	Diagnosing ectopic That ultrasound report is not very helpful. It's usually impossible to see a gestational sac at 4.5 weeks. Making the diagnosis of ectopic may require serial blood tests to watch the HCG hormone levels rise, and repeat ultrasounds. As a guideline, when your HCG level reaches about 1200, you should be able to see a tiny gestational sac in the uterus. Good luck!
1152901	I have a rash that i'm concerned about. It goes from my vaginal area to my anus, very red, sometimes itchy sometimes sore, no discharge or odor. ?	Fungal rash You may have a fungal rash. , try using one of the many fungal creams available otc.
1481374	Low Testosterone = Low DHT? How to lower naturally my DHT? Im 21 year old and i losing hair. Its DHT thing. Or how to lower my Testosterone?	Kinda sorta 1st Testosterone is converted into DHT (and Estradiol, too). 2nd Low Testosterone isn't necessarily a good thing, regardless of age. 3rd Hair loss can be a hereditary issue as well as one of stress or even infection. Yes, it can also result from excess DHT but lowering Testosterone to save your hairline is like cutting off your nose to spite your face. Research finasteride to lower DHT & save hair
1259362	I get burning sensation in the middle of the breast bone area under the rib cage when i drink or eat certain things. Heart burn or stomach ulcer?	Several things This should be evaluated by your primary doctor (and possibly gastroenterologist). This could be ulcer, viral infection, fungal infection, bacterial infection, or allergic inflammation. Your doctor may just start you on medications or may decide you need to have an endoscopy (where a camera is placed into your mouth and down into your stomach).
1505203	Unprotected sex with husband past 6 weeks. No BC in that time.  Abdominal cramps, sharp pain on both sides, and bloating over 4 days now. OV symptoms?	14 days before An easy way to remember ovulation is that it occurs 14 days before your next cycle. If you know how many days between periods then you can calculate an approximate ovulation date.
1347002	My hands are stiff, starts after I am awake, ribs ache near spine. Chronic tendonitis in most arm and leg joints. esr, uric acid, RF, and Ana all ok.	See a rheumatologist There are numerous arthritic disorders in which blood tests are normal. See a rheumatologist and have the issue evaluated.
6689617	My mother has had a bald spot for years now, with grey hair surrounding it. What could this be? feel really sorry for her. Got a little larger lately.	Alopecia AREATA A dermatologist will help her. Perhaps it annoys her less that you, since she has not gone for help (or not told you about it).
1264069	I'm 31 and found 2 grey hairs in my pubic area.What could b wrong here?Also right testis hanging below other one, also the scrotum too lengthy.Problem?	Normal 1)nothing 2 ) usually the left testicle sits higher than the right testicle, it is normal.
1392880	Can endometriosis cause severe debilitating pain in the upper abdomen area near the breastbone that last hours?	Yrs If it has moved to that part of the colon
1499074	Except for taking blood pressure med cholesterol good EKG , blood work and stress test all good, I do smoke and I am 41 wt are chances of heart attack?	No Certain Fixxes Did you hear the story of Jim Fixx, the perennial fitness jogger who dropped dead while jogging his usual route? There's no guarantees in life. You just do the best you can. So, start with your best and subtract your worst:Smoker? Well, you know about that.Family history?The genes give you an edge?Healthy lifestyle? (diet, exercise,attitude, stress vs rest).You know the drill. So the answer? WTFK!
1329487	Recently had knee surgery to clean up soft tissue as well as remove plica.  surgery was 3 weeks ago and now knee catching again.  what should I do?	See your surgeon If only plica excision and nothing else in the knee it can still pop and click if a little swollen. Stationary bike would be good for you. And check in with your surgeon
1337868	Had ACL surgery 3 weeks ago,as I was doing my rehab exercises, guess I hurt myself.I have shooting pain when knee fully extended, from glute to my foot. it's not been healed in a week. Should i worry?	Call your doc That kind of change is something your surgeon should hear about.
981589	Can allegra and Benadryl be taken together?	Yes Antihistamine is safe even with 4x the average daily dose. The major side effects would be dry mouth and drowsiness ( the latter much less common if one uses the non-sedating type).
1371145	Could granular mucosa of the terminal illeum mean crohns/colitis?	Unsure more information is needed. biopsies are often needed, and the whole picture has to be taken into context. IBD serologies and images can also help.
1262085	My son sounds like if he has a sore throat but the doctor said he  has an ear infection what can I give him?	Ear infection Short of an antibiotic you can offer him symptomatic care in the form of pain relievers such as tylenol or ibuprofen, push fluid use saline nose drops if necessary and leave your vaporizer on.
1510357	No period, no cramps, Brown discharges that doesn't have odor and very sleepy. A little dizzy as well.	Pregnancy test I recommend you do a pregnancy test.
774462	After protected sex, my period comes and it feels and look normal to me but lighter, i took postinor1 last month.Breasts a bit uncomfortable, pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
1500924	Ph 8, epithelial cells moderate, RBC 3-5, 0-3 wbc, bacteria moderate. protein, glucose, crystals and ketones all negative. specific gravity 1.010?	High pH Hi. That's an unusually high pH. Ask your doc to check your blood total CO2/bicarb to see if there's a problem. The "bacteria moderate" with normal WBC count is an artifact of the urine sitting before analysis, and NOT a sign of infection.
1444385	I have bumps over my areola could I be pregnant? Breast are swollen I am 2 days away from period but no signs of period. Had miscarriage 2 months ago	Try a test A home pregnancy test would be best done with a first morning urination. If negative and no period starts, retesting in another week may turn positive. Good luck
6755595	I have trouble opening and closing my right hand my second finger from my thumb is swollen and very painful.and my left hand is also very painful too ?	See details Joint pain and swelling is best evaluated by a rheumatologist. See one.
1521833	How long does the drowsiness effect of hydroxyzine HCl 10mg last for?	Drowsiness the drowsiness can last for 12-24 hours depending on your weight and sex. Push fluids to wash the effect of the drug out of your system
1521832	Hi doctors,I had a angiogram 2years ago and it found minor irregularities in left & right artery plus circumflex, still chest pain,angio again .
?	Chest pain No,Fit you need a proper history and exam then further testing as indicated to establish the mechanism and cause of your symptoms which may or may not be cardiac,a relatively clean recent angiogram bodes well assuming no major interval deviations in life style .
1521835	Stomach pain, muscle & joint weakness/ pain, low grade fever for a month, and cough. Mycoplasma pneumoniae IgG IgM ab. positive. What do I do now?	Mycoplasma pneumo. + Hopefully, you are being treated with antibiotics against Mycoplasma, which are macrolides like azithromycin or clarithromycin or respiratory fluoroquinolones or tetracyclines. Any signs of pneumonia? 25 % have abdominal pain, and elevation of liver enzymes is certainly possible, as well as muscle and joint aches. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2893430/
1217805	Primary doctor said right inguinal hernia. Specialist said ventral hernia. Ct/mri are negative. I still have pain/bulges. Should I have surgery? Ty.	Another opinion I'd suggest another surgical opinion. If you do, indeed, have an inguinal or abdominal hernia, i would concur that surgery was indicated if it was painful. Actually, at your age repair would usually be recommended even if asymptomatic, at your discretion. Good luck.
1533358	I have a lump on the inside of the top of the leg and it's really sore and getting bigger. Last night became really itchy. It's the size of a grape?	Lump This needs to be seen, examined and diagnosed one on one rather than over the internet. UK has great medical .care and would go see your local doctor. Hope this clears up soon.
1085081	Recently, I have had trouble falling asleep lately and i need a good night's rest for tomorrow. I have nyquil. Would it be okay to use or helpful in any way?	Yes if you know From previous use that it will not leave you hung over if you need to be alert in the morning.
6706163	I've had an increased in virginal discharge (white) normal looking and doesn't smell, vagina sore or itchy, doesn't burn feels fine doesn't smell?	Without symptoms Likely normal do hormonal influence.
6719304	Can a girl be pregnant if she is virgin but penis get inside vagina half only in which penis got up and down around 8 times without releasing sperm ?	Not likely but 'yes' If there was any fluid released by the male (pre-cum)), it can contain sperm - not as much as an ejaculation, but enough. Also, very healthysperm even near the vaginal opening can swim into the canal and if the timing is just right, conception can occur.
650961	Was told i had ibs, get really bad cramps, lower back pain and nausea during period, could be endometriosis instead?	Yes Yes.
1160739	I have a lump on my left arm above my elbow on the inner side under my arm feels slightly bruised. What could this be. Its been the same for a week.	Get a check ip Have you had a lifting injury? This could represent a biceps muscle or tendon tear. Could be a swollen lymph node or any of a variety of masses. I would recommend an evaluation by your primary physician. Good luck!
1217769	Might there be a connection btw my vashunt and incr.&worsening right shoulder& neck pain also with travel. Pain&numbness dwn r. Arm exist? What mght expln this? Daily headaches have also developed	Neck pain The shunt can be a cause, but more likely it is cervical strain or possibly a cervical disk herniation. I would get an exam by a neurosurgeon or neurologist and then imaging to look at the shunt and the cervical spine.
527381	I have diverticulosis in the sigmoid colon, and atranal gastritis , i also have severe constant right upper quadrant pain but CT scan showed nothing ?	Gallbladder? Might be worth checking out your gallbladder-- ultrasound is a better study for gallstones, and if there aren't any, then you may need a cck-hida scan to evaluate gallbladder function. Even without stones, if the function is abnormal you can have similar symptoms- right upper quadrant pain, radiation to shoulder, fatty food intolerance, flatulence etc.
383731	I have had irritation in my lower throat for two months now. I haven't really had too much mucus or coughing. I have had some allergies - sneezing, clogged ears and a little stuffy nose but can't shake the lower throat irritation. I don't really cough or	A A sore throat is a pretty non-specific complaint that can have many causes. Most commonly, it is caused by a virus and really shouldn't last more than a few days. A sore throat that persists could be something more serious such as a chronic infection, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and in rare cases, even cancer (especially if you smoke, drink or have been exposed to the hpv virus). Because of this, it is important that you see your doctor or an otolaryngologist (ear nose and throat specialist) to find the cause of your sore throat so it can be properly and effectively treated.
505141	I've had a cough for several days with green waxy mucous. No sore throat but chest hurts from coughing. Voice is hoarse. Do i need to see a doctor?	Yes Though it is very likely to be a viral illness, you should see a doctor if your chest hurts. They can listen and assess whether or not you need any other treatment.
505140	Bald spot in hair size of a nickel  for two years hasn't got bigger or smaller slick bald! alopecia? Lupus	Alopecia areata This is alopecia areata. The cause is unknown, but a dermatologist can inject a steroid solution into the spot to make the hair grow back faster.
1037729	Sore throat, cough, runny nose, low grade fever?	Chinchilla, It sounds like a virus.
796327	6 weeks post IUD removal and still no period. Period was present the whole time mirena was in. Neg hpt but ttc.  Should i call my doctor?	See your Doctor Yes, this requires an evaluation.
508480	My neurologist ruled out ms, lyme, vegative disorder, etc. Just by checkin reflexes, etc. Etc. And a brain scan done 2-3 years ago. Is this accurate?	Probably History and examination make up most of what we do and how we figure out what's going on. Imaging studies are to confirm a diagnosis, not make a diagnosis. If vegetative state is something you're worried about i wouldn't be worried if you're posting a question here.
118765	Is it normal for teens to sometimes get spots on their penis. Not sexually active?	Not really... You should have any new or unusual "spots" evaluated by your doctor.
6780903	I have swelling in. My kneecap after i think one of my veins brusted and now there is also bruising around my knee cap?	Knee cap You might have pre patella bursitis. It's rare to rupture a vein. If it doesn't go away after a few days see a orthopedic doctor
6707148	Does vyvanse interact negatively with local IV sedation? Also, will my vyvanse show up in urine test before surgery if I stop taking 4-5 days before?	Vyvanse In general, It should not, exceptions possible due to other factors, each situation is different, but for detailed answer please contact manufacture's hot line
6702429	My bf has two greyish small dome bumps on the foreskin of his penis. Are they warts? Or what else could they be?	Could be It is not feasible to provide a meaningful opinion without taking additional history, physical examination and may be some tests. He should see his doctor. You should get HPV vaccination. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time. You may consider implanted contraceptive, or IUD. Practice safe sex.
1163920	Is it normal for my cheek to be very swollen due to muscle spasms?  I have no infection, my dentist said it was due to a high bite caused by a filling	No The high bite will usually result in pain before you would get muscle hypertrophy resulting in a more prominent 'cheek' appearance. It is possible that you have transient swelling from the anesthesia needle placement possibly causing a temporary hematoma (swelling/bruise).This is more common in anesthesia for upper back tooth restorations. Get the bite corrected. Meantime use hot moist compresses.
312620	I have been having thin milky discharge (not lumpy, no oder), and painful bumps around the edge of my vagina. Is this a yeast infection or std?	Could be Usually yeast is itchy. Std would depend on your sexual history. If it does not itch or smell it could also be physiologic leukorrhea which is normal lubrication discharge, more common in younger women. The bumps may or may not be related. See a doctor for diagnosis or reassurance.
201165	Can a doctor to determine if someone is still contagious with mono?	Sometimes The most infectious period of mononucleosis is within the first few weeks of the illness. As you feel better and your antibodies rise against the epstein barr virus (ebv), you become less contagious. However, ebv remains in the body for life. At times the virus may be shed when you are well and at times it can be passed on with a recurrence of illness. The contagious period is indefinite.
312624	What can be causing about 10 small, white, flat bumps on my right hand?  I have a history with warts, and my hands are very clammy.	Still may have it See your doctor, you may have warts.
396859	Knee pain i was excercising and doing squats when my right knee started hurting. I put ice on it for an entire day and most of the pain subsided. It has been over 2 weeks but I am still having pain when i get up in the morning and sometimes at night. My k	Most Most likely you may have some ligament sprain, but if the pain continue to bother you then you should get the knee examined by orthopedics to rule out any meniscal injury inside the knee. Sometimes while doing exercise or while playing sports our knee gets twisted and there may be a meniscus tear. Sprain should subside on its own. Other possibility is some ostoearthritis but that depends upon things like age, overweight, morning stiffness. So if the pain doesnt subside please have your primary care refer to orthopedics.Thanks.
1229800	Numbness in right side portion of the body, mainly right leg, arms and face, jaw part also. Had headache and was dizzy.	TIA or Migraine Symptoms that you described as consistent with either TIA or complicated migraine. Need to see a physician and get evaluated.
398985	Anxity and depression what medicine should be used? I have been diagnosed with anxity and panic disorder. The doctor put me on celexa. As i did research its for depression wich i don't have. This medication makes my anxity worse I have constant heart race	There There are two aspects of this question. First, it seems that this medication (celexa) is causing bad side effects for you. There are several reasons for that, one of them is a small variation in liver enzymes (the variation is called a single nucleotide polymorphism or snp) that slows the processing of the medication in the liver and its elimination from the body. This could cause a build up of the drug in the body and bring about intolerable side effects. While there is a laboratory test to determine if the liver enzyme snps are indeed responsible for the side effects, in practice, many physicians simply reduce the dose or switch to another medication that has a different elimination mechanism. The second part of your question is about using antidepressants to treat anxiety and panic disorder. It is known that many antidepressants such as Celexa can be very effective in reducing anxiety symptoms and stopping panic attacks. However, the onset of this beneficial effect is slow and could take several weeks to become noticeable. Fast relief of anxiety can be achieved with benzodiazepine class anti-anxiety medications. However, big drawbacks of these drugs are a loss of the anti-anxiety effect over time and potential development of dependence. Your best course of action would be to discuss your side effects with the physician who prescribed Celexa so that either the dose could be adjusted or it could be replaced with a different medication.
1465295	3yr old son had is having difficulty breathing  and snoring while sleeping after a tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy 2 days ago.is this normal.	Tonsils although there can be some swelling after surgery, i would give the surgeon a call
1229805	When i was 15 I have joint pain in both of shoulder, knee, wrist, hand esp in morning aftr wkng up and in cold weather.Now my hand is dform.Is jra or sle?	Joint pain You may have polyarticular arthritis. See a rheumatologist for evaluation and treatment.
6648121	Jumped off 15ft rock into ocean, hit ocean floor on one leg and crumbled. pain behind the knee somewhat on the medial side. no significant swelling?	Varies If you can bear weight on it, you may have just "sprained" it and should get better quickly. If either it is painful to put weight on it, or if if does not get better I would be seen. Somewhat concerning for sustaining a tear in the posterior horn if the medial meniscus which is fairly common and sometimes requires arthroscopic surgery.
1010484	Been on antibiotics for a week, on birth control, but very light spotting... No sexual intercourse, period not expected for a week, normal?	YES ! Not well recognized , but antibiotics interfere with estrogen, which controls your mensrual cycle. Therefore, antibiotics can result in spotting or breakthrough bleeding. You need to use alternate birth control methods while taking antibiotics , at least condoms and spermacide.
625369	I have like toothache pain in my left leg especially my foot knee and hip it has a burning sensation in foot and slight swelling around ankle ?	Probable neuritis Nerve pain often causes the symptoms that you descried. The only structure that runs from your hip to your ankle (other than blood vessels ) are nerves. See a neurologist
1487698	What does thickening of the uterus wall mean? Can it be caused by sexually transmitted diseases	Uterus Thickening of the wall can occur during various times of the menstrual cycle. Thickening has nothing to do with STDs
70933	My second toe has been swollen, red and itchy for the last three days. Specifically the top bulb to knuckle. What could it be?	Bursitis From friction from a hammertoe deformity is the first thing that comes to mind.
6651367	Small hard bump on inside of pinky toe.Hurts w/any pressure.From what I've read,sounds like corn,not sure.can't buy stuff.how do I get rid of at home?	Corn u can shave them down with a nail file as well as tape padding in between area to decrease rub
688525	My blood test results:
total bilirubin: 1.41 h
ast: 40 h
alt: 100 h
total alk phosphatase: 43 l
serum total protein: 7.1

e.R. Said hepatitis?	Let's try this... I have only a little bit of the story you've shared. Perhaps it's time to see whether the ast and alt get back to normal after two weeks off alcohol and any not-totally-necessary meds you may be taking. If so, this is the start of a healthier life after alcohol. If not, the workup for virus infections, iron overload, wilson's, autoimmunity & need for exercise can begin. Good luck.
1514070	Can hyperthyroidism alone or hyperthyroidism with antibodies or thyroiditis have an affect on lymph nodes of the face and neck? Thank you	Thyroid inflammation can cause some enlargement of neck lymph nodes, but it is generally not something you could detect. Check w/your doctor.
1375797	Cold sore or zit? Started as red bump in corner of lips, tried to pop like zit (no white head), crust formed, traces left 2 weeks later	Cold sores It is most likely a cold sores. If this is the first time you have it , most likely you have been exposed to somebody with it. It is caused by Herpes virus. Sometimes treatment is needed esp if it become recurrent.
364913	I have been taking Prilosec for about 5 days, now i feel bloating and sharp pains (gas like) in the middle of my stomach, is that a side effect, normal?	Probiotics Reflux is often due to poor digestion which is more often due to insufficient stomach acid than too much. Giving someone like that an acid suppressor removes the symptoms but does nothing to help the underlying problem. Rule out gluten or casein or other food intolerance. Consider betaine hcl in the middle of the meal or digestive enzymes, and probiotics such as kombucha or kefir.
6723253	I have swollen lymph node in my neck ct scan 2 weeks ago said 1.5cm now have pain on that side of neck,shoulder blades,chest and arm past kidney CA?	Your doctor can guid Did you say you have had Kidney Cancer before? Please clarify this part of your history. Ask your doctor to feel this node with his/her hands and tell you if it feels soft(probably benign) or hard which implies possible cancer. If this node gets any bigger, a needle biopsy may be required to make sure that it is not cancerous.
1392467	Still have swelling above left of left knee 2 weeks after arthroscopy. Also pain in left side. Is this normal?	Possible Depending on the severity of your underlying diseases and inflammation, the swelling 2 weeks later may be normal. Discuss with your Ortho dr. and ask all the questions to them as they know your case the best. Good wishes.
593546	I have had swollen  lyphnodes starting  from my neck armpit to chest plate and breast for 5 months now what could it be?	See your doctor Your lymph node enlargement suggest a number of things including virus infection such as "mono", or other virus, a skin condition to which lyph glands may be reacting to, other types of infection such as a cat scratch disease or even tb, or malignant disease of lymph glands. An autoimmune disease such as lupus may do that, or a drug reaction. The best thing would be to see your doctor.
1446923	On metformin for three days, horrible stomach cramps nausea and Diarrhea - not able to eat - can the doc give me something for this?	Common Since this is a common side effect of metformin, your doctor could either titrate your dose more slowly, or change your metformin to the extended release form, or if all else fails, then consider anti-nausea medications to try to help you with these symptoms.
908528	I have pain in the muscle just above both of my knees which is making it hard for me to walk and climb down stairs and slopes?	Growing Pains Without any more information to go on this could very well be what we call growing pains. Teenagers go through periods when their longest bones are growing that can be quite painful. You are on the right track with ibuprofen. You may want to apply heat or have a massage. Your mom or day may also be able to help.
897076	I developed an acute swelling below my right ear today..It is somewhat painful when i chew or swallow (esp something tart).Could this b parotid gland?	Swelling If the swelling is below as in under the ear, it is probably a swollen lymph node. The parotid gland is more in front of the ear towards the cheek.
1603222	Could it be a yeast infection or herpes outbreak with no odor or discharge but itchy clitoris? Could I even have an allergic reaction to something?	Itchy private areas I think you are right on track -this could well be an allergy to something, and I would want to know if you tried any new feminine products, detergents/soaps etc. Certainly fungus likes moist areas and could cause these symptoms. Herpes is usually PAINFUL and would be much less likely. If symptoms don't get better in a day or two, I'd want u to see your gyn or primary doc for a definite diagnosis.
1429465	No period in 3 months.... Had sex after first missed period.. Two negative pregnancy tests taken over a month after sex. 2 yeast infections since????	Ovary Failure You have amenhorrhea, or anovulation. Your ovaries have failed. It is past time to get to the doctor to figure out why and how to get them back to normal.
1035421	I have already had a period, but I am spotting a week before my next period is due. Negative pregnancy test. Can a blood test tell if pregnant now?	yes. Spotting a week before your period is due suggests that you didn't ovulate lately. If you haven't missed a period, spotting is usually not due to pregnancy. If a urine test (first morning urine) is negative, a blood test will generally be negative also.
1097683	For what length of time will 30 mg Vyvanse take to get out of urine?	Vyvanse half life The pro drug is out in five hours. The d amphetamine is out in 50 to 65 hours. Best wishes.
824439	Hubby came home from work with a swollen leg from his ankle, to his knee, warm to the touch, and discolored. Ideas? He has no bug bites. Is overweight	Might be blood clot Uneven (l-to-r) swelling of an extremity with warmth & tenderness is very suspicious for a dvt. Should see your primary dr or go to er for evaluation so can begin treatment.
6622994	For 5 months having constant  left temple pain  and tingling numb feeling in forehead on left side then the left vein in my temple started showing?	Need eval Several things come to mind and the concern for temporal arteritis is high (a diagnosis one does not want to miss). Best to see your doctor for evaluation ASAP. Best of luck. Dr R
902314	Would lung cancer have to invade spine to cause pain in upper back? Present for 1yr. Mri of throastic ok. My chest feels bubbly/sm cough recently.	No Back pain can be referred pain from many pathologies occuring in the chest, lungs or mediastinum.
6637058	What causes ketonuria (4+) and hypotension (BP 95/49, pulse 105) in pregnancy (22wks)? Fainting spells, palpitations, headaches, nausea/vomiting, fatigue. Not dehydrated (normal urine color).	See OB asap Have you been checked for gstational diabetes?
337271	I did some construction today and used a hammer a lot everytime I use it my right hand thumb and sometimes the two closest fingers go a little numb is ?	Possible Carpal tunnel. See a hand specialist.
1216490	I got tested last week for std's. I received txt to say syphilis negative however nothing regarding HIV test or chlamydia yet.Is this a negative sign?	Takes time. It can take up to two weeks for you to receive all of your results. Give it some time. In the mean time if you're concerned about and std, use condoms when you're having sex and if any of your tests come back positive, it's your responsibility to let all of your sexual contacts know.
615165	I tore my mcl, ACL and meniscus in jan and now im starting therapy to bend my knee will i be able to fully bend it again before surgery?	Maybe Depends primarily on the size, type and location of the meniscal tear. The torn cartilage may block your motion or simply cause too much pain when trying to bend the knee.
6693167	I had a D and C yesterday under general anaesthetic, felt asleep for the rest of the day how I was awake every hour or so throughout the night. Why?	Surgery Sleep disturbances in the first few days after surgery are quite common considering all of the medications given and the stress on the body of having surgery. Since you just had surgery yesterday you may want to see how the next few nights go. If concerned contact your surgeon for follow up.
6792436	I have tiny bumps on the left side of my face (on my cheek) that start clear and as the night time comes turn red form a head start to burn and itch. Ive tired several acne facial washes and nothing works.	Dermatologist I recommend that you consult a dermatologist for diagnosis and treatment for this type of dermatitis since the face is involved and you don't want to aggravate the situation.
791563	Ectopic pregnancy history.I'm 4-5 weeks pregnant but abdominal ultrasound did not see anything in uterus.To repeat scan in 14days.Is this normal?	Very reasonable You are very early in your pregnancy and not seeing anything in the uterus at this point is common. Followup in 2 weeks is safe and appropriate.
260302	Should everyone have a stress test and how long are test like stress, echocardiograms and angiograms good for?  I had this complete work-up in 2008 and the impression was no visible coronary heart disease.  Yet said the patient does have diastolic dysfunc	Not everyone needs a Stress test. Generally only people with symptoms need stress tests, except in certain situations such as pre-operatively. Most people benefit from risk factor modification such as diet, exercise, smoking cessation.
597048	I had a stool test , I have 60%of gram+ 40% of gram- bacteria is that normal? Lot of e coli no red/white blood cells salmonella shigella etc	Normal but why? Why did you have this test done? Was it ordered by a bona fide doctor? You may be wasting your money and time on useless tests.
1155489	I've had chest pain and heart palps pretty much for a mnty. Ekg.  Ultra sound -stress test and blood all neg.  Dr suggests beta blockers. Appropriate?	Possibly. A beta blocker might be appropriate if ones heart rate is rapid or if one has premature beats or runs of tachycardia. However, more important is to ask what the underlying problem is causing chest pain and palpitations. A careful evaluation includes blood tests, especially the TSH thyroid test, blood counts for anemia and infection, and a thorough history and physical exam.
658835	I only had 3 Depo-Provera shots and missed the last one and been havin unprotected sex my back hurts so bad my stomach feels bloaded can I be pregnant?	You could be You could be, do a home pregnancy test to find out.
6666904	Autonomic issues: Tachy & bradycardia, hyper & hypotension. Doctor prescribed Cymbalta to see if an SNRI will help. Trouble sleeping. Any suggestions?	Not ok. Cymbalta is both Seratonin and norepinephrine (noradrenaline= stress neurochemical) increasing can overactivate cardiovascular and neurlogic autonomic system e. g. mild tremors all the way to cardiac arrhythmia Instead Seek a second opinion asap if not already seeing a cardiologist. Take care.
357255	My wife has flu like symptoms wit h a rash on her arms and inner thighs!  she started off with throwing up and nausea bone ach soar throat  headache, ?	Rash The rash may be an allergy to medicine or some other substance if it is more bilateral (both sides) if it is only in a certain area (dermatome, or nerve distribution), and it was preceded by the flu-like symptoms, it may be post herpetic neuralgia (shingles). I would see your doctor.
1250027	10 days of scanty pinkish red discharge, waves of nausea, swollen breasts, slight cramping, fatigue, dizzy, increase appetite, 2 negative pregnant tests?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
6704493	Had unprotected sex 4 days before ovulation. Took HPT 4 days after missed period and came back negative. I'm now 6 days late. Yellowish discharge. Could I be pregnant?	Pregnancy tests Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection. Schedule a visit to have your discharge evaluated
6711309	Took an aleve 3 hours ago but just now took an asprin and a single tylenol. Oops? Never taken them so close together before. Bad idea?	Bad idea Your mixing medications is not a good idea. The overlap of the effects from the meds is not advisable Stick with one of the meds, and use it as directed.
485641	When will fragments pass from a kidney stone after lithotripsy surgery?	Varies Stone fragments may begin passing immediately. In some cases, depending on the location of the stone within the kidney, the fragments may pass up to several months after the treatment.
672011	How many people have strokes/heart attacks that have completely normal blood pressure levels and normal cholesterol levels?	CAD events I don't know that anyone knows real numbers but it isn't insignficant, we all see such patients.
1216631	Since friday I have had a temp of 100,  chills, nausea no vomiting though, headache, eyes hurt, dizzy on friday. Today no nausea, whole body hurts?	Flu syndrome Very likely you have viral inf. Do not worry. Take rest plenty of fluids if no better see your dr.
6760992	Couple of days ago a strange out of no where bump/spot has appeared on the crease of my right buttock cheek/upper thigh. Extremely painful and raised.	Skin infection The bump you describe is likely an abscess, a bacterial infection caused once the skin barrier was compromised. It should be evaluated by a physician to determine the appropriate course of treatment. A healthtap prime or concierge consult may also suffice.
1502182	I get itchy red bumps on arms and back of neck when exposed to sun. What can this be? Thnx	PLR Polymorphic light eruption (PMLE) is a skin rash that occurs with exposure to the sun. It is not the same as sunburn. PMLE is not harmful, but can be itchy.The rash normally heals completely within a week if you avoid further sun exposure. Meanwhile, a cream containing corticosteroid will help to settle the rash.
517200	I have pelvic pain even after chlamydia treatment. Could I have had pid? Or is it a side effect of chlamydia?	Yes Yes to both. It can be hard to diagnose pid, but pain afterwards can be caused by pid. In some cases it can progress to become a chronic problem. I think you should be seen to have a more thorough evaluation, and to make sure that the chlamydia infection responded (was cured) by the treatment, b/c if it is still present, then your chance of having chronic pain increases (infertility, too).
517207	Had gall bladder surgery.  Vagus nerve was damaged. Have dumping syndrome.  High acid, nausea, diarrhea, wake every day with nausea. Need diet advice.?	LOW CARBS If you truly have dumping syndrome you should avoid large carbohydrate loads, so minimize your sugars and starches. Vagus n injury is not typically associated with gb surgery. A small percentage of gb surgery patients get urgency after meals. This is temporary, and can be shortened with anti diarrhea meds and avoidance of large meals. Ask your surgeon to clarify. Good luck.
6700396	Are these signs of Pericoronitis?;
mild swelling near wisdom tooth, not too tender, no fever, pain, little redness, but it's reduced in size?	Yup See a dentist if the problem does not resolve on its own.
1135152	Could i put rubbing alcohol on poison ivy/sumac/oak?	Ill advised It is not recommended to use rubbing alcohol on poison ivy/sumac/oak as this does not help clear the rash up and can cause pain/irritation of the affected skin.
1163141	Had sex two days before ovulation, my period is due in one day, having lower stomach cramps and fatigue, cld these be possible signs of pregnancy?	Pregnancy Your sex date, not your symptoms, represents a high probability of pregnancy. If your period does not arrive please do a pregnancy test.
6649418	Can pinched nerve in S1-S2 or L4-L5 cause the lower posterior leg to look rounder than the other leg, but measure the same in circumference?	Yes Because of muscle laxation without measurable atrophy at this time.
1156591	Due to the Depo-Provera birth control i was on my periods were not normal i finally had my  first normal period so does that mean i can get pregnant now ?	Yes Depot an last a long time after your last shot. Once you period get regular again that is a good sight that your fertility has returned. Good luck!
617281	Doc, 5 week ago I have unprotect oral with sex worker and tested negative on elisa,  do I exposure to the HIV since i positive chlamydia on same test?	Unlikely but... You're very unlikely to catch HIV from oral sex, though you can catch other nasty things. If you are horribly worried, you can get a pcr for the HIV viruses. Good luck, and love wisely in the future.
1520280	Does Tuberculosis neck lymphadenitis cause infertility?	TB lymphadenitis No-this disease will not cause u to be infertile. That's at least looking at your 'whole life'. In the short term u may be 'wiped out' from fighting this infection, so sometimes your period won't come (hence you're not fertile for that month). The body does that to devote resources where they need to go -which is getting u better. U will get through this and be healthy enough to have a baby later.
1213514	Could i be experiencing allergies in winter season ? I feel ill no fever ! upset stomach, sinus congestion, sore throat, ear pain/pressure. Low appeti	Yes You may be allergic to indoor allergens which include house dust mites, molds, pet etc. However upset stomach occurs only rarely mostly from profuse post-nasal drips. If your house has a humidifier in the furnace or anywhere, be sure to check for molds in the water compartment. You need to consult your doctor as well since there are many other answers.
6659620	I was wondering if i have a yeast infection? for the past few days my vagina has been itchy and the other day there was a pure white kinda liquidish clumps of discharge and the next day was milky yellowish but that night it change back to milky white stuf	Yeast infection. That sure sounds like a yeast infection. You can treat this with over the counter medication. If it doesn't improve then see your doctor.
391860	Am i pregnant? I have missed 3 months worth of periods and every pregnancy test I have taken it has came out negative. Also i went to the doctor and they took a urine test and blood test and they both came out negative. I am also taking these pills that a	After After multiple negative pregnancy tests at home and at your doctor's office, then you probably are not pregnant. There are other reasons besides pregnancy that can cause a woman to miss a period such as: stress, diet, excessive exercise or a hormone imbalance such as with a thyroid disorder or polycystic ovarian syndrome. If you continue to have an irregular cycle, you should give your doctor or your ob/gyne a call. Good luck!
6682434	I am a few weeks pregnant and I have vagina infection.My doctor told me to use Augumenting, Metronidazole & Paracetamol. Is it safe to use this drugs?	Ask him/her You really need to ask your treating OB MD this question as I don't know the type of infection and how many times it has previously been treated in your pregnancy.
1310615	Urine test : protein (1+) , trace of blood, few bacteria, hyaline cast/lpf (0-1), mucus rare. RBC/hpf 3-4, WBC/hpf 4-6, should I be worried?	How do you feel? The urine test contains some abnormal findings but does not show a typical picture of urinary tract infection. How you feel is more important. Try to increase fluid intake. If you experience fever, burning sensation, low back pain, low abdominal pain, urinary frequency and urgency, you may need antibiotic treatment. A urine culture would be helpful.
6731560	Can unprotected sex or oral sex (clit only) cause yeast infection? Usually 1 or 2 days aftr, itching starts. Will azo yeast or biofem gel help prevent	Yes it is possible Oral diflucan or nystatin cream would help.
152242	I have frequent digestive problems with nausea, diarrhea, heartburn, & abdominal pain, bloating & cramping.  I had an egd, dr said i'm fine, help!?	Stomach problems After an egd, possibly an ulstrasound, and maybe even a cat scan one of the new probiotics maybe tried. They are the new rage in gastric complaints and seem to be helping some people. Best of all, they are all "over the counter".
1272297	I have had a swollen gland on the left side of my neck for two weeks, now it's so sore it hurts to swallow. No fever no other symptoms. Any ideas?	Need for examination Two weeks is long enough to warrant a visit to your doctor so that it can be evaluated properly. It is not feasible to provide and opinion without examining you.
338971	During ovulation period and after intercourse i started to bleed not heavily but only when i wiped.It is been 3 days.Any idea.I am regular 28days?	Various issues Bleeding at times other than your anticipated period can be a hormonal issue that may be addressed with the pill, for ex. Bleeding after intercourse could be related to an abnormal pap test or a polyp, for ex. Both issues should be addressed by your gyn. Usually not serious problems. Good luck n.
1552149	MY torch panel test is positive with rubella IgG 15.40 Iu/Ml nd Cmv IgG is 132 U/ml.Will there is complication in pregnancy and will the child be safe?	Not from these germs There is no single test that can assure you will not have some complication during pregnancy. These results mean these germs will not harm your baby if you have a chance exposure.
6656664	Thank you. My 24hr Holter showed 1700 pvcs. I was told my echocardiogram showed a healthy heart, & I passed a stress test (non-nuclear). Still worried?	No These irregularities are benign require no treatmet
1154990	Clot traveled to spleen and its oversized and have viral infection symptoms. Sore spleen and chest, kidney.How long do I have to live?	Splenic infarct If appropriately managed this will probably not influence your life expectancy. You may have infective endocarditis with emboli to the spleen or there are other areas from which this may occur, most of them amenable to treatment. Relax and follow your doctor's guidance. Good luck
650361	Is it normal to awaken several times in every night (too hot, too cold, bathroom) if i fall asleep within minutes again? Or is that not good rest?	Sleep At age 29 one would expect longer stretches of sound sleep with less interruptions. Practice good sleep hygiene
851925	I have pain in my upper buttocks and my hip joint when moving the leg sideways. Is this a hip problem or sciatica? Groin pain too but could be hernia	Could be either Without a physical examination it is difficult to tell what this could be. It could be either one. In fact groin pain is related to the hip many times. See a physician for examination. Some tests might be necessary and could include hip x-rays to look for arthritis.
1486917	Shoulder blade cracked;nowleft arm goes tingling once in awhile. Can injured left shoulder cause me to feel more discomfort on elbow than my shoulder?	Tingling in arm may be due to nerve or vascular compression (more often the former). The injury that resulted in the shoulder blade fracture may have caused another problem. (nerve root, brachial plexus, peripheral nerve ) Sometimes traction to the ulnar nerve causes parasthesias down to the hand and discomfort around the elbow. A good neurological-exam possibly an EMG-NCS may need to be done to sort this out.
1089940	Vertigo, full feeling in right ear, pain and sensation of fluid draining from same ear but is none. Tinnitus and hearing difficulty as well. Help?	Ear blockage You need to see an ENT doctor for examination and hearing testing. The hearing lost could be from fluid behind your right ear drum hence no discharge.
6793345	Does isotrentinoid reduce pore size, post inflammatory hyper pigmentation, or acne scars (even in the slightest)?	Depends Retin A is an amazing med, and one of the only proven medications to treat a multitude of things in the skin. Its main function is cell turnover which helps to decrease fine lines and wrinkles and smoothen the skin. It can improve pigmentation issues when used with appropriate brightening products.It does not really affect pore size, and can improve acne scars. www.arslanianplasticsurgery.com
601765	A bee stung me in my face and it is very swollen this morning what can I do to get the swelling down quick?	Combination Benadryl & Pepcid for swelling & skin symptoms; cold pack for swelling; topical cortisone cream for local reaction.
1489798	I've been off Depo-Provera for a month but I was on it almost 2years could I be pregnant my Brest been sore and I've been having pain in top of my stomach ?	Breast soreness Could be. Would do a urine /blood HCG. if negative consider sonogram. May also be hormone effects as depo is a long acting hormonal contraceptive.Follow with your doctor.
728241	I have severe itchy spots on my arms, fingers, back of my knees/hands & ankles. After scratching i get white elevated nickle-sized spots. What is it?	See a dermatologist It is impossible to tell without being able to see the leasions. See a dermatologist.
1601483	My throat has been bothering me since Oct. Looks red, swollen. Did bloodte5st was negative, not strep or sinus need advice on zyrtec but doesnt fix?	Mgt If you have had a sore throat since October, unresponsive to an antihistamine, it may be due to reflux. An over the counter anti reflux medication at night may help. A virtual appt is available if schedule by your parent: www. healthtap.com/DosanjhMD Code: NCYHPZ
799565	Hi, I have an ankylosing spondylitis. I am a little worried about my body conditions. Do you have some treatment or therapeutic  schedule  to cure ?	See below Tnf inhibitors can halt progression of the disease. See a rheumatologist.
569677	I have lytic anterior spondyolisthesis at L5 with radiating pain in right leg.My age is 26.It is lytic at the pararticular region.Wt shld I do surgery?	Orthopedic spine Your condition is a slip of one vertebra over another. When this happens the nerves exiting your spine get "pinched" and that gives you the radiating pain. The lysis refers to the problem with a part of the spine responsible for stability keeping the vertebra in line. Most people do well with surgery. You should see and orthopedic spine surgeon as the next step.
1427236	Stomach virus over a wk? Pain left side neck under jaw; not eust. tube. Hydrated, no temp, nausea, cramps, fatigue, low appetite, heartburn, burping.	Nausea sore throat This could be many things. Too many to review here. See your healthcare provider ASAP. Stay hydrated. Best if luck. Dr R
6649067	Does having sex 2-3 times a day  cause a man to have permanent hair loss due to an increase of DHT and use of testosterone?	No Have fun and remember your partner next to you is not there because of your hair. Keep perspective my man
487255	I have this weird abdominal ache on my right back flank under my rib cage. Hurts sometimes when standing . It feels tired and a dull ache. Ct scan ok.?	Ache Recommend blood work to check liver functions, if not already done.
1225557	Sinus infection for a few weeks now, developed bad night cough and some ear pain is this all normal part of sickness/ healing?	Sinus infection No your symptoms are not part of the healing process. See your doctor to rule an infection in your chest or ears.
508903	Hello i did lot of blood test and spine MRI neuro I have diagnosed withpots but I have many cfs symtomps swollen lymph aches bad sleep forget tired?	POTS Postural orthostatic syndrome has many features similar to cfs, but in pots there is increase in heart rate from the supine to the upright position of more than 30 beats per minute or heart rate greater than 120 bpm. However, the two may coexist, & treating pots improves cfs symptoms.
6770100	I have a tiny soft skin "growth" on my labia majora close to the fold that connects to my inner thigh, the bump has a pubic hair growing through it (not exactly the center) can it be a genital wart?	Growth with hair More likely is a skin tag. usually they have a stalk connecting them to the skin and they do grow in areas near folds. a doctor can remove then either by cutting or cauterized. They are usually benign the Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome is very very rare. F/U with doc http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/1060373-overview
508907	Mid upper back pain for months right flank sore. Lupus panel neg . Ana positive 1;640 w/spec pat. Sed rate elevated.  Serum protein normal. Any ideas?	Too many tests? Your ANA is strongly positive, but despite that, it is a non-specific finding, and so is the elevated esr. These findings may not have anything to do with your complaints of back and flank pain. The provider(s) that ordered these tests will have to try and come up with a clinically plausible explanation.
400967	There is a lump or knot in the vein/artery(?) behind my right knee.  Could that be a blood clot, should I be concerned? I'm 62 years old, overweight, work in a office , mostly sit for over 9 hours/day.  I have recently been having swollen ankles and can h	I I don't know what the cause is of the knot behind your right knee. It could be a baker's cyst.
1355867	It started with a headache the next day came dizziness when I move my eyes, soreness behind my eyes, 102 fever, slight cough. Help!	See a doctor Hi ElizabethA, I wish I could give you better news, but if you are having a fever with dizziness and headache you should see a doctor. While it's very possible your symptoms are due to a virus, which will likely go away on its own, you could have something more severe, including meningitis.
1333166	My 2 year old daughter was bitten by an insect while playing outside. The side of her face is a little swollen and red, with red spots on her back??	Mild Alto there is no question here,it sounds like a mild reaction. Use ice and something like Benadryl cream
1551025	Red, itchy rash on wrists and right below onto forearms. Hands are dry from washing & cold weather. Lotion burns rash & hot water is painful.	Irritant dermatitis? If you wash your arms and hands a lot, the skin gets dry. Once it gets irritated, anything you put on may hurt you. The itching and blister point more to a contact allergy. Try avoiding scented or antibacterial soap and too much washing. If problem persists, talk to doctor or a dermatologist to pin down what the culprit may be. Patch testing may be needed.
863868	What can be the cause of excessive, clear vaginal discharge? There's no smell, no burning, and no itching to it.	Vaginal discharge A certain amount of discharge is normal. Discharge may increase in your cycle on a monthly basis and mean nothing. If this is new for you, and you have not changed birth control or any other hormonal medications then see your gyn for a check up.
6757000	Can acid reflux cause a chest tightness (NOT the burning) that mimics heart attack?	Yes Acid reflux can cause a number of chest symptoms. Tightness, burning cough etc. Ischemic heart disease can also cause a range of symptoms not necessarily the ones you might expect to be associated with a "heart attack." Seek evaluation by a health care professional who will be able to differentiate these for you.
1405646	My 4y has had an ear infection for about 4 weeks went to ENT prescribed drops n antibiotic by mouth he been on drops 3 wks n other 2 why isn't he bett?	? better ? Any antibiotic I use for any ear infection may fail. It happens when the germ is resistant or if the muck inside the ear is too thick for the med to get trough and kill the germ. The fluid behind the drum is often present for 4-6 weeks after treatment when the med does work.A change of med may be needed,rarely the ENT needs to drain the infection for it to resolve. Discuss with the doc.
6710838	17 y.o rarely sexually active girl w/ all symptoms of yeast infection except smell. Diagnosed with BV but no BV symptoms. Recurrent for past 3 months.	Recheck If symptoms are not resolving - this warrants reassessment.
793229	Been taking celexa and tramadol together for over a year. Do i still need to watch for serotonin syndrome?	Serotonin Syndrome Serotonin syndrome is rare. It can occur with changes of medications doses, or with administration of a new drug which increase the level of the other medications by affecting the metabolic pathways, elimination rate, protein binding, or other pharmacological interaction. Consult with your doctor before taking any new medication or over the counter drugs.
1606284	Mole grew back 6 weeks after shave. Report compound melanocytic nevus architectural disorder moderate cytologic atypia. What's this mean, melanoma ?	Seek 2nd opinion Recurrence of a mole makes it likely that it is a melanoma. You should get further surgery done by a melanoma expert(surgical Oncologist). It always useful to seek 2 or 3 opinions and go with the aggregate of the recommendation, provided to you.
1395074	How long it takes for a knee patella dislocation to back in place?	Needs help to fix If you've truly dislocated your patella, then you should seek care right away so that the dislocation can be reduced, and any further care for the injury can be rendered. Splint the leg in your position of comfort and apply an ice pack, then get to the ER. If this is a chronic problem, then you may benefit from physical therapy, and perhaps a brace. Consultation with an ortho or sports med.
784884	Would a flu get into your stomach and cause vomiting and diarrhea?	Need specifics Would what get into your stomach?
1312741	Burning Sensation that starts from my right testicle and in between buttocks and thigh. Pain travels to my leg and foot when i sit down. Worried?	See neurologist or.. Your described characters of symptoms deserves a timely professional attention from neurologist or urologist ASAP. So, collect the onset, degree, quality, & quantity of the symptoms with their detailed sequence of events, & bring those to Doc for review, analysis, physicals, & possible test so to deduce possible Dx for proposing reasonable Rx. Clinically, one needs to think neuralgia/radiculopathy
744922	I'm curious why I have terrible knee pain after arthroscopic surgery 3 months ago?	Many reasons Get re-evaluated by physician who performed the surgery.
584082	My period is late by 10 days...I also have hives on my arms legs butt nd back. I have had a low grade fever too. 3 pregnant tests all neg what's wrong?	Not allergy This could indicate an underlying gyn infection or autoimmune disorder. I would start by seeing your gynecologist for evaluation.
889654	Left arm (occasional leg) heaviness and aching. Left facial numbness and daily jaw pain

whats wrong with me ?	See a doctor You should see a doctor for an examination to find out exactly what is going on with you. It is not normal at your age to feel like this. Get checked.
540099	44 f  MS  12 yrs..  Ddd facet joint pain mgt  9 weeks  severe bi lateral knee pain upon standing  &  sitting. No injury or ra. Va says no mri. What now?	Several things This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
1518815	Numbness from knee to toes right leg after total hip replacement  6 weeks ago. Pain riht hip. Is this normal?	Not normal No, it doesn't sound normal. Please call your surgeon and speak to the doctor on call with the answering service. If this is new, may need to go to ER.
1160949	I'm on the Depo-Provera shot and birth control pills , sometimes if i forget to take my pill am i still covered? Is it easier for me to get pregnant?	Curious It is curious that you use depo shot and ocp's. The shot has a failure rate of about 1% - quite effective. Taking the pill will not improve the contraceptive efficacy - so if you take the pill, stop the pill, or miss some pills you are still covered by the shot and it would not make any difference. If you are taking the pill to try to control the spotting, missing pills will cause spotting.
521659	I have severe abdominal pain and was told it was not endometriosis. After a clear biopsy i was told it could be that and i can'twalk sometimes due to?	Unclear From what you describe, things are very unclear. If your severe abdominal pain comes and goes with your menstrual cycle, it is likely endometriosis. If not, a good discussion of a wide range of possibilities should be discussed, including food allergies, inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel, diverticulitis, etc.
6714959	Hi dr my mother is 51 yr old.she is facing d problem of heavy periodical bleeding.for her abdominal ultrasound we got impression that her uterus is mildly bulky wth nebothian cyst and hyperplastic endometrium..what's dt signify? She is not facing any lowe	Needs a biopsy As we get older are perimenopausal our hormones fluctuate and can lead to irregular bleeding. A bulky uterus can be adenomyosis or fibroids. Nabothian cyst are just mucous cysts in the cervix. The only concern is thick endometrial lining She needs a gynecologist appointment to do an endometrial biopsy and then go from there.
6712614	Is it possible for a 13 year old teen to contract the herpes zoster virus with no history of the varicella virus?	Yes In children, the rash is mild and complete resolution usually occurs within 1-2 weeks.
282816	I had a dead leg from being kneed and the bruise has spread from the original area to around and below the knee? It aches when I stand up. Normal?	Common Not normal but common given the size of the bruise. It should slowly improve with time.
252982	Havent had my period for 4 months but not pregnant & have not been sexually active since dec. I did blood work & urine test at clinic & came out fine. I do have slight cramps after eating almost anythig, not sure if its my diet?	Check other hormones There are several causes- always to start with pregnancy even if it means checking few times- blood tests and ultrasound are more reliable. Others are thyroid disease, pituitary gland problems etc. Always check with your doctor.
1580043	My ear infection that i take amoxicillian for still hurts. How can i relieves its itchy pain?	Ear infection If not better after 72 hrs on the meds, then get re evaluated to see if you need something stronger. Advil/Motrin can help with the pain every 6 hrs as needed.
175995	If you ever had a breast needle biopsy, will your breast look the same afterwards?	Yes A needle biopsy only removes very small pieces of tissue. So other than possible mild early swelling or bruising that may occur temporarily, there should be no visible breast changes other than the tiny needle biopsy site on the skin.
1016663	I have a red bump under my eyelid that hurts, is swollen and itches at times what is it and how do I cure it fast?	Very warm compress As well, use a washcloth, get very warm under water (not hot, as sensitive area). Use as a compress on the swollen area for about 15-20min couple times a day.
992985	I have really bad chest pains, light headed, dizziness yet feel really heavy... Tingling sensation in my left arm?	Chest pain Go to hospital and be evaluated for those symptoms.
1464025	I was given antibiotics for sinus inf. Got thrush.  given tablets. got yeast inf. too. Took diflucan and Monistat 1day. Still have both conditions. Y?	Sinusitis Almost all of the time you do not need antibiotics for "sinusitis" because it's viral. However, most people that have made the effort to come to an office feel somewhat disappointed if they leave the office without an prescription for an antibiotic. Which, in you case caused, as it usually does, a subsequent "yeast infection" Next time you get a 'cold' tough it and all the things that Mom to.
31545	What are the causes of vomiting, low back pain, and testicle pain?	Dr to examine testis Testicle pain means a trip to the doctor right away because the testicle's blood supply can be twisted off (called torsion). When that happens, the testicle can die. Other causes of testicle pain include trauma, infection, twisting off an appendix of a testicle (a small lump next to a testicle), etc... Since one usually cannot tell if his testicle is twisted, an exam by the doctor is needed.
1044161	Had knee arthroscopy and foot cyst removal at same time. Supposed to put pressure when walking but too swollen/tight, don't want stitches to burst?	Discuss with doctors Discuss situation with your doctor(s). You should get proper instructions this way.
282214	Hi. My period is 3days late. I am experiencing sickness, breast tenderness, tiredness and bad headaches. Also cramping. My period hasn't started but I am getting brown/light blood discharge. What is happening? Is my period going to start?	3days late Do home pregnancy test.
907344	I'm 31 and I have cerebral palsy are there any vitamins or supplements i can take for twitching & muscle cramps in my feet and legs?	Twitching and cramps Supplelents containing calcium, and magnesium may help.
1311761	Hi. Can IBS cause that I always feel I have to use bathroom?  My stools look.like the 4th type in the picture that shown in one of questions.	GI- bowel issue See a gastroenterlogist and have a comprehensive physicial exam.
1251167	Red burning itching bumps on the vagina?	Get checked for Genital warts, herpes etc. Take care! http://www.Healthline.Com/health/genital-sores-female.
542674	3 year old has night time coughing/choking fits that happen without warning and always cause vomiting. She is always asleep.What is this?!	Nighttime cough Postural changes may provoke cough as a result of post-nasal drainage. The subsequent forceful coughing may prompt emesis, sometimes produing phlegm.
6738740	Am I pregnant? I am due for my period today, I'm am not showing any of my usual pms signs, (crying, breasts soreness, cramps). My nipples are very tender, even wearing a bra hurts. My cervix is closed. I am on a 28 day cycle, Ovulated June 15th.	Need pregnancy test The only way to be as certain as possible is to apply a pregnancy test. I usually tell my patients to wait for at least 1 week after the period is due just in case it is simply late. Nothing else you've mentioned can be used to diagnose a pregnancy. Good luck.
1518608	When a testicle atrophies from bacterial orchitis are the leydig cells usually still okay in that testicle? I read online on a few sites that usually only sertoli cells die. But docs all tell me different things.	Bacterial Orchitis you have asked this question many times and have been give advice on HealthTap Prime. Go see an Urologist and work with him to get your questions and treatment plan started.
311596	I developed pain in my  chest, throat, jaws, and head about a week or so ago.  I got a flu vaccination around that time and i also choked on a piece of fried chicken.  I can't shake the headache  and I am really fatigued .  No fever. I have BP issues, but	See your doctor ASAP The other events notwithstanding, what you described is strongly suggestive of heart disease. Please see your doctor asap for a proper evaluation. This is not an issue for self diagnosis.
1518600	I had 2 hydascans  after gallbladder surgery for spasms in the bile duct, showed partial blockage probably SOD , 1 doctor said the test were a waste?	Not a "waste" I disagree with the "waste" comment. ..It is important to determine if a residual stone is blocking the COMMON BILIARY DUCT which also drains your PANCREAS. If youy symptoms continue see a GASTROENTEROLOGIST! Hope this helps Dr Z
1184802	Virgin with thick white discharge both breasts happening for years at physical talked to doc mammogram scheduled..........Needed?	You are 40, so according to American Cancer Society, American College of Radiology, and others, it is time to begin annual screening. If you have had bilateral white nipple discharge for years, it is not from breast cancer, and the mammogram will probably not help much with determining the etiology. Lab tests to check hormone levels may be useful.
530402	Period is 5 days late. Nausea for a week, white discharge, sharp cramps today. Took pregnant test last night and was neg. Can i be preg? Having reg sex	Try again Try repeating the pregnancy test in one week. They usually become positive about the time of the expected period.
888866	I have had abdominal cramping, vomiting, diarrhoea for the past 4 days and eating and drinking seems to make it worse. I was in a foreign country also?	Traveller's diarrhea First, you need hydration by taking rehydration solutions like electrol and fruits. You can try otc probiotic like pepto bismol. However, you should discuss the condition with your doctor at the earliest. Good luck !
1119837	My last blood test results included these: albumin 3.9, total protein 7.0, alkaline phosphatase 165, ast/sgot 31, alt/sgpt 86, bilirubin, total 0.5, bilirubin, direct 0.2;  any hint of a liver problem?	Who ordered it? Has moral responsablity to explain results to you.
1452257	My mum has calcifications in one of her breasts and she had a biopsy and getting the results back soon. What are the chances of them being cancer? :(	It depends. Large calcifications are usually benign, but microcalcifications clustered in one region are more likely to be associated with breast cancer. Best wishes to you and to her.
643742	I had oopherectomy because of high estrodial and cysts also hysterectomy for fibroids whilst on tamoxifen, was this right for me to do?	Sounds like it Even if they could be put back in, from the sounds of your symptoms, why would you want that done? Correct indications for both procedures--should have you feeling much better in long run, w/less pain, and less future cancer risks.
1394791	Symptoms: sore throat, whiteish tongue, 2 soreish pimples on lip, and red nob of penis. Had sex 2 weeks ago unprotected is this a worry?	Get exam Your symptoms may have nothing to do with the sexual contact. However, they are concerning, and you may benefit from an exam, and perhaps testing. If treatment is needed, then the sooner the better. Also consider this as a 'wake-up call' for adopting the habit of 100% condom use. Recommend you see your doc right away.
1499710	I have irregular periods my breast always get tender a week before i start which they are but just noticed blue vein going to nipple what can this mea?	Most likely This is a reflection of you holding onto extra fluid, as many women do in the days preceding the onset of menses. Unless it is painful, hard or has surrounding redness and signs of inflammation, it will likely recede after your cycle.
1394825	I've been itchy for ATLEAST a month now, its mainly  behind and between my thighs. Dr. prescribed hydroxyzine doesnt work. Please help idk what to do.	Possible yeast infection, An anti fungal/ steroid cream may help.
704977	Say I have mono and all the symptoms in my throat have cleared up, am i still contagious?	If tested The provider must order the test, for it to be tested for. If you had a routine swab, and the provider was checking for vagnosis or yeast only, it would not be tested for. If your provider had a reason to check for the hsv-2 they could get a blood test or take a cx/bx of a lesion or site on the vaginal area of concern.
1284592	After 3 months of treatment of my face acne by using benzoyl peroxide 5 % gel, i looks better but there are some small red patches... Inflammation ?	Red patches You should use a moisturizer on your red patches.
6713895	I'm having itching and burning sensation from vagina, and a dry slightly lumpy discharge.. is it thrush?	Yeast infection It seems you have a yeast infection. Thrush is yeast infection of the mouth not the vagina. Try over the counter vaginal yeast cream if no improvement in 5-7 days with cream, go see your doctor.
112673	Do all people with mono have enlarged spleen and lymph glands?	Most There are many variations in the clinical manifestations of mono and it may not cause any symptoms. Most people with clinical mono do have enlargements of lymph nodes, spleen and liver and these subside on their own with the natural resolution of the infection in an otherwise healthy person.
1406662	Is food supplement of vitamin b1.b2,b3,b6,b12 can increase hair lose?	Hair loss B vitamins are good for hair. So is zinc. It is not likely your vitamins cause hair loss.
1545630	Am having  high  temperature  and my nipples  are sore my are itchy .Dis doesn't  normally  happen .could  I be pregnant .but am using  protection   ?	Contraception Faiure Birth controls can fail when not used appropriately. Symptoms is concerning for pregnancy. Won't hurt getting a pregnancy test and to see an OB.
830191	I struggle with moderate anorexia. What could cause my low blood pressure, tachycardia, and dizziness as well as fatigue?	Anorexia Low blood pressure, tachycardia, dizziness, and fatigue are all symptoms of volume contraction. If you're not drinking enough as a result of or independently of the anorexia, those symptoms will occur. Liberalize your salt intake (eat potato chips!), drink enough fluids to make your urine clear, and avoid alcohol and caffeine. See if that helps?
511649	Husband got sick 5 days ago with fever, chills, back ache, headache.   Fever is gone but has headache, feels "spacy" throwing up, and just sick. Flu?	Flu His sickness can be caused by kidney infection, flu, pneumonia, ischemic bowel among many other reasons. Take him to the doctor for evaluation.
677075	How will i treat my skin rahes, they are tiny red bumps/blisters. They are not painful but very itchy. Its in my upper arms all the way to armpit.	Seek help It is difficult to diagnose this problem as it could be a contact dermatitis withour someone seeing and examining your skin. Seek help from your dermatologist.
492021	How to extend my mom's life? Metastases liver cancer at stage 4. My mom did surgery for breast cancer before. How to extend life besides treatment?	Oncologist You need to work with an oncologist to determine the treatment options. There is nothing you can do without treatment other than comfort and nutrition.
1485734	What causes delayed burping, pain in the back of neck, difficulty breathing and choking feeling, headache and fast heart beat?	Multiple problems Burping releases gas which enters the stomach during swallowing. Shortness of breath, choking sensation, neck pain and rapid heartbeat could be due to spasm of the esophagus and it could be associated with headache. However, these symptoms could be due to other problems as well, such as high blood pressure. All this merits a careful exam by ones doctor.
965141	What is the best medication for sinus migraine? Aleve Advil or tylenol?	Any or none Responses vary from person to person. Choose the one that works best for you. My guess is that aleve will usually work best for most.
6794192	Can Hydroxyzine help stop racing thoughts?	Hydroxyzine effects I understand your concern. Racing thoughts can be overwhelming, affect clarity of mind, affect concentration on specific tasks and affect functioning. They can be symptom of Anxiety. Hydroxyzine reduces activity in the central nervous system. It can decrease racing thoughts, not stop racing thoughts. See a Psychiatrist for Diagnosis, side effects of medications, dose; and Therapy for stress.
748732	I have an LDL 131 mg/dl, HDL 54 mg/dl and trig 115 mg/dl. I eat plenty of fruits and vegetables, exercise, don't smoke/drink and have a BMI of 21. ?	Sounds good. It sounds like you're doing it all right, and your numbers seem to reflect that. Keep up the good work. Start young and build a healthy future.
351313	Yes , I have a vaginal discharge that is brownish , and cream color , i bathe daily sometimes 3 times a day but my vagina has this fart smell . Std?	Potentially Although this sounds like the end or beginning of a cycle or potentially mid cycle ovualation. If you have an abnormal discharge and an abnormal smell i recommend seeing a healthcare provider. If you are bathing this frequently to get rid of the smell it likely will not work.
627844	I have itchy bumps on the side of my elbow, side of my knees, side of my armpits, on my waist and my lower spine.  ?	Need pic I think a picture wil be helpful in diagnosing your problem. It could be anything from eczema to molluscum, to scabies.
1007447	What causes knee pain? Can it mean bone cancer?	Very unlikely At your age pain in the knee is most likely some kind of soft tissue problem or possibly early degenerative change. You may want to see your doctor to get an x-ray.
279718	Hi, I haven't had my period since 1/12-9/12 I am not in birth control, I am sexually active, and I took test not pregnant. Pap exam was good.?	PCOS? It's hard to say what's going on for sure without more information; you really should see your doctor. If you are very young, it is normal to have irregular periods for the first year or so. If you are near menopause, then that is probably the cause. Otherwise, the most common cause of this would be polycystic ovarian syndrome. You need to have a period at least every 3 months so see your doc.
756821	I bruised my knee yesterday and then today i hit the bruise pretty hard in the middle. Now it is painful to bend the knee. What is wrong with it?	Contusion. Probably just a bad contusion. Keep ice on it and rest it. If the pain persists get it evaluated and x rayed.
7761	Will drinking extra water temporarily reduce the pain form a kidney stone?	Not sure But it helps in some cases to push the stones through your gu tract. Ask your urologist.
1335401	Went to ER with chest pain, tests done (ekg, chest xray, blood) all normal, said I have costochonditris, I still feel pain and just ill and weak?	Not unusual Costochondritis usually results in generalized chest wall inflammation. There is likely to be associated fatigue and lassitude as might be the case with any activation of the immune system. It typically improves with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs
1313541	I have sore throat, headaches, off and on fevers, and horrible dry cough. What could this be?	Infection Sounds like you have an infection. What kind - is a different question. Most likely viral, strep is a possibility but cough is less likely in its case unless it's from the throat irritation. If it's not improving, see doc.
267948	How effective are bactrim or cipro for a UTI ?	Usually work Usually Cipro works better but with any uti, i send it to the lab to see what bacteria is causing it and which antibiotic it is sensitive to.
503106	My ectopic pregnancy got miscarried on its own and my hCG was130. A week after, bleeding stopped. I am having on and off brown discharge and now its bleeding like light period. Why could it be?	See detailed answer It is normal to bleed lightly in your case for upto 4 weeks. Please follow up on your HCG with your doctor atleast once a week until the levels drop completely to a non pregnant level which is less than 5 or 0.
1199628	Period on the feb.4th. Sore breasts, little nauseous, heart burn, and tiredness since the feb.19th. Negative pregnancy tests. Too soon to tell?	Back to school Remember a female's body has no physical connection with the fetus for about fourteen days after conception. Thus symptoms before that are not pregnancy. If your next period does not start then it will be time for testing.
253293	What meds can b used for fibromialgia and neropathy, if u can't take nurotin, lyrica, cymbalta?	Cannabis Thirties female w. fibromyalgia and unable to take standard fibromyalgia meds and neurontin seeks alternative therapies for pain & neuropathy. Many fibromyalgia patients take cannabis both internally (smoked and eaten) & topically. Oil tinctures (jojoba, Shea, olive, & coconut) can be applied via massage after a warm shower or heating pad to open the skin pores. Use under a doctor's direction.
1040264	Scared about my heart, normal ekgs, echo, stress test, chest xray and blood work normal? Should I have any reason to fear? High anxiety?!	Less likely Control you anxiety and talk to your pcp for further evaluation and treatment.
946152	Clicking in throat when swallowing, had an extremely painful ear infection, right gland still feels larger than normal, mild ear pain still after amox?	See your doctor The clicking when swallowing and gland swelling suggest that there is still some inflammation. It can take some time for that to resolve. You should have a follow visit with your doctor if your symptoms persist.
6644798	Left lymph node in neck swollen & marble size, and only left side of throat really sore. Some sort of infection?	Most likely Most likely lymphadenitis which is an infection of a swollen lymph node. Could also be an infected cyst as well as a few other things.
1366876	Every few days my ear will hurt a little. Feels wet inside. When I swallow it makes a cracking sound. Can you help and explain?	Allergies Could be allergies. Eustachian tube dysfunction can occur causing pain, pressure and other feelings in the ear. Decongestant can help and/ or allergy medications
1079841	What are your chances of getting pregnant if you don't use any birth control method anymore ? Such as Depo-Provera provera and how long does it take ?	Depoprovera If you used depoprovera, some women can see a delay in conceiving up to 18 months in some extreme cases, however after depoprovera use it may take a few months to recover fertility potential. Chances of becoming pregnancy after the pill are the same as in every women, ruling out any medical complication. First month after the pill you should have the same chances as everyone else.
1403147	VERY sore throat. Difficulty swallowing. I've just gotten over a chest infection but I can't swallow without hurting and my throat is getting worse.	Get checked Could be strep throat or a viral infection of the throat - should go see a doctor to find out which.
405071	What do I do about mouth sore? The insides of my cheeks and lips start breaking out in what seems like a rash. It's looks like bleeding scratches	Hot salt water helps I would like to find out what is causing these breakouts. How often? Any pattern? What triggers? Stress? R ur teeth v. Broken down w/ sharp edges/points? Habit of chewing ur cheek? Hot salt water will help draw out inflammation: juice glass hot water w/ 1-2 tsp salt, rinse 3-4x/day. Also cepacol rinse, listerine rinse. Could also be herpetic brkout. Best to have a dentist check it out if possible.
397668	Is it possible that I am pregnant? Consistent bloating, a little nausea, very light pink bleeding since last period.(february 18th)	I I don't know if you are pregnant. There can be some spotting and mild cramping when the embryo emplants in the wall of the uterus. At about the time the period is missed a woman may start to excperience symptoms like nausea, feeling tired, more frequent urination, swollen or tender breasts, abdominal enlargement etc. If you have missed your period, recommend you take a pregnancy test.
1511763	My knee dislocated today, and since this happened my foot has gone like ice cold and it seems to b going more up my leg too now should I b worried?	If this was a true- -knee dislocation, this is a very serious injury, with multiple ligament tears as well as possible blood vessel & nerve injury. This is different from a patellar dislocation which can B reduced and treatment is considerably different. True dislocation needs arteriograms as well as MRI & CT. vascular injury is an emergency& requires immediate repair. If no vascular injury delayed repair 6-9dys is d
1575285	I'm experiencing itching and burning in the vaginal area. I took Monistat, didn't clear up. No bumps or discharge. On the outer area and near labia.	Itching time to be seen and evaluated if the OTC meds didn't work
397847	Is muscle soreness  in upper arms and upper thighs a part of spinal stenosis?  I am not having much joint pain. 63 years of age
female
good health
active
very good range of motion
stiffness after sitting	Pain Pain in the muscles can be caused by nerve root irritation, fatigue, electrolyte imbalance (sodium or potassium), and sometimes a cause cannot be found. Rest and cool or warm packs often helps muscle pain. The patient should be sure that they are well hydrated. If a patient had difficulty walking, weakness, numbness, or other neurologic complaints then then they should have a medical evaluation.
1305831	The skin around my toe nails doesn't heal well, i can easily pick it and it looks like dead skin. Whats the problem? (i used to pick at the skin...)	Try a moisturizer You might want to try putting vaseline on your toes before you go to bed. If you could sleep in socks that might help. One final thing don't spend too long in the shower and certainly don't take a bath.
6718737	Help! pain in shoulder and upper arm till elbow . unexpalined feeling. hurts when i move it or raise it up. feels weak and kind of hot from inside?	Dx ? This can't be diagnosed with the information that is available. A history, physical examination & other studies may be needed to determine cause/causes. Once accurately assessed a treatment plan can be developed.
989147	I have a yeast infection is it safe to insert garlic clove into the vagina?	Not recommended This is not recommended. There are many over the counter yeast infection meds that will help and have been studied for safety by the fda. Rx meds are also available, even as a 1 time dose. Good luck.
6636138	Smaller right kidney, cyst on both ovaries. The right is 3.4cm. Blood in urine, not infection. what in the world is going on?	Sounds like 3 separate problems, not related. Blood in urine might be related to hypoplastic kidney. You should consult with a nephrologist, a specialist in kidney problems.
1230769	I hv few premenst symp lik pimples, swollen breast, diarhoea.. Even though i missed my period aft unprotcd sex.Do they exist even if im pregnant.	Yes they could While your delay in your cycle is probably related to irregularity in terms of when you last ovulated, you must take a pregnancy test to rule this possibility out.
1230767	Its been two days i missed my period and finally i'm spotting brown and a little red blood i've had cramps and my nipples are really sore and moody?	Female issues Pregnancy is the first thing to rule out. Start with a home pregnancy test. If negative, see your doc, as you need more history and physical exam done.
6787822	There are three itchy pimple by inner thigh near close to pubic hair zone. They just itch and look like pimples. No pain no swelling. What is this?	Folliculitis Most likely these are ingrown hairs. They should get better in 2-3 days.
1057303	Could small whitish discharge from sore breast after hvn unprotected sex mean one is pregnant?	Not necessarly This could be from ductectasis, or could be from pregnancy, check with you ob-gyn to perform the neccessary tests.
214177	Can drinking beer be good for kidney stones ?	Beer and stones The water in beer is good but te alcohol has no benefit. It is better to drink plain water to prevent kidney stones.
333156	I had dry and itchy scalp. The itchiness causes my hair fall badly and i often try to pull out dry flakes on my scalp. How can I do to overcome this?	Depends Need to determine the cause. Could be eczema, psoriasis or a fungal infection. See you physician or a dermatologist. They may need to take a small skin biopsy to know for sure.
333154	I have oily skin, redness and big pores on both cheeks and many small pimples. How to get rid those pimples especially on my forehead?	Acne Cleanse your face with warm water and cleanser twice a day. You can start applying benzoyl peroxide (5% or 10%) after each facial wash. Wait at least 2-4 weeks for a response. If the pimples remain and you are getting more of them, see your doctor or dermatologist for a prescription medication.
6739903	Have a horrible toothache and Tylenol is not helping. Can I take 600mg ibuprofen a couple days while taking 20mg of lisinopril for past 2 weeks.	Yes So the maximum dosage of Tylenol is 300 mg per day and Ibuprofen is 3200 mg per day. The dosage that is most effective for pain is 600 mg of ibuprofen taken every four hours. You may add 500mg of Tylenol to each of those doses or take the medicine alternatively. Get to your dentist now!
1168146	Can you tell me, are there other causes of genital warts besides hpv?	No The human papillomavirus (hpv) causes genital warts. There are more than 40 different strains of hpv. Typically spread by sexual contact. The good news is that they are usually treatable (either with medication or surgery)...But may recur...See your doctor.
1509862	Recurrent sore throat,purulent lesion (1 or 2) on one or both tonsils.No bacteria or fungi detected by lab tests (done twice).No fever.What can it be?	Mono? Hopefully mono has been checked, though you didn't mention viral tests. Also, even if it is not mono there are mono like illnesses we can't (or don't routinely) check for.
508343	I went to bed one night, and woke up with very  red small non-itchy,  spots all over my cheek and forehead. They arent raised, what could this be?	Urticaria Urticaria is a possibility. It's a generalized term we use for hives. When we don't know the cause of the hives we call it "idiopathic urticaria". Since there are many causes of rashes speak with your physician. They would want to know if you'd eaten something commonly known to cause urticaria, such as shellfish, or peanuts. Or if you could be suffering from another common condition called rosacea.
1425144	Swollen lymph node under jawline one side 2 months antibiotics not working doesn't get better or worse can this be a throat cyst?	See a doc while a swollen lymph node is usually benign (usually from an infection), at times it could represent something more serious. the best thing to do is to see your doctor who, after examining you, may decide that a biopsy is necessary or just a period of watchful waiting.
119767	I seem to have a weak urine stream after sex?	Weak stream after Common issue after sex/ejactulation. ..Reflex action for bladder to close so ejeculate goes out the penis not into the bladder...Unless you take flomax....This should resolve a bit after ejaculation.
640982	For 5 days I have had a bad cough that hurts my throat so I have had a sore throat some headaches & when i'm on my side and i breath my chest hurts?	Chest pain Time to go see the doc and see what is going on.
754614	I have a callous on the inside of my baby toes.  It hurts really bad. How did i get it? How do I get rid of it?	See a podiatrist. It's a corm.
1164093	My breast are so sore to where i can't even wear a bra, when i push down on the side if my breast i feel a hard lump that moves. What could this be?	Check it out Many things could be an issue. I would certainly check with your doctor for an exam and possible blood tests. , .
6609123	Why would I still have pains and aches.. If the amoxicillin is out of my system.  The doctor said with having mono and a NP giving me that it did that?	Not from medication Amoxicillin may not be causing your aches and pains. Mononucleosis can do that with or without the addition of an antibiotic.
1451250	Nausea all day, period was 2days late, came on the 3rd day. Having abdominal cramps & back pain. Whats wrong? i want to be pregnant an have been tryin	PG test Whenever a period is late, the first thing to be sure is that you are not pregnant. Take a pregnancy test. If your pain is severe, or you have fever and uncontrolled vomiting, go to the ER (whether pregnant or not). Repeat the test in a week. You can have bleeding when pregnant. If negative then and still feeling sick, see your doc.
827957	Help please! is chemical peeling product or raser is good for get rid of acne scars?	Laser is better Laser resurfacing is better to improve acne scarring. I recommend the fraxel laser. Four treatments are usually required, but the results will be significantly better that with chemical peeling. The fraxel works well for acne scarring, as well as fine lines and wrinkles and photoaging. Fraxel can be used on most skin types, and all over the face and body. The fraxel laser is fda approved.
6732950	I take, as directed, hydrocodone 10-325 with Tramadol 10 mg. I am out of Tramadol. Can I use Advil or alleve instead. If so how many? thanks	Yes 400 mg
991207	I miscarried b4 at my 22nd wk due to fibroids.Then under went myomectomy.Now again pregnant 12 weeks.What are the things I should care in this pregnancy?	Not to Worry you but the early delivery may not have been due to fibroids. In the us we use ultrasound to examine the length of the cervix. If short (<2.5 cm) then you may have "incompetent cervix". Also using supplemental Progesterone in those with your history has demonstrated usefulness. Good luck.
1438247	Nerve blocking shot in neck today 2 hr later I get severe pain in foot leg hip buttocks back on one side Weakness min.Function Should I go to the E.R?	Get checked You should contact the doctor who did the procedure but if not available yes get checked at the ER.
650116	Lost 60 lbs from dieting and up back started achinh. Hurts w/ activity and sitting. Better with rest. Ct chest clear. Mri ok. Pain present one year?	Muscle issue? This could be the result of your muscles being weak from having carried the excess weight around for years and now they are being asked to focus on other areas of movement. Strengthening your back and core muscles could possibly help but i would recommend possibly seeing a physical therapist who might be able to better evaluate the musculoskeletal system. I hope this helps.
1088846	Im diabetes type 2, total cholesterol-140, hdl-4, ldl-88, fasting sugar 99, can I drink coffee w/o sugar. Will it increase cholesterol or sugar..?	Coffee Coffee without cream or sugar will have no significant effect on cholesterol or sugar levels.
819594	I have vaginal itching, white vaginal discharge, and a rash around the opening of my vagina. What could this be?	Yeast infection This could be a vaginal yeast infection secondary to candida. See your ob/gyn or a dermatologist to evaluate and treat with topical and/or anti-yeast medications if needed.
1543552	I have mild acne (reddish and puss filled pimples) only on forehead since puberty. How to get rid of it? Stopped oily & spicy food but no improvement.	Acne Your regular doctor should be able to help you with this problem If no progress is made I would recommend a visit to a dermatologist, but do give your doctor a chance.
1500124	Bumpy, not very red, not hugely itchy rash on both legs inside knees down to ankle area. Recently have spent some time walking around in tall grass.	Bites? Can be many things but bug bites would be first on my list. Try topical hydrocortisone cream. If problem persists, consult doctor.
593273	Hi  I have a AC fracture think type 2or 3  no surgery  it has been 6 months now  and still  numbness and tingling pain mostly when i sleep?	Please re-write ? Your question is not clear. Please don't use abbreviations, since it may mean something different for most people. Thanks.
1534358	7w pregnant, sore throat, chills, 100.6 fever, nausea/vomiting, headache, fatigue for 3 days now. How can I feel better without taking any medication?	First, call OB To let them know you are sick. Fever is not good for the baby and you need to be examined to make sure there is not something such as strep throat causing your symptoms. A bacterial infection can threaten your pregnancy as can uncontrolled fever. Once the bad things that need to be treated with antibiotics have been ruled out, then your doctor can advise you about things to relieve symptoms.
558125	I have a popping feeling in my right knee it hurts really bad when i bend it. Its slowly getting worse there is really no swelling.	You needs to see doc You might have patellar tendonitis or "jumper's knee". Go see your doctor. Without a knee exam, you can't tell from just your description. Alleve could be used until your visit.
1014622	Long, vigorus oral sex. Both virgins, no stds, no penetration. Burning sensation while urinating, brown discharge, light bleeding, why?	UTI This may be a simple urinary tract infection. Go to your doctor for a urinalysis and see if that's the problem. If it is, a 10 day course of antibiotics should do the trick!
1123001	What is the best way to treat a callus turning white on the side of the big toe that developed from running?	Callous The best thing to do is determine why the callous is there. For that see your podiatrist. The moleskin recommended will cushion the area a bit but will not prevent recurrance.
1179214	Lower back pain & tender neck lymph nodes-1 wk. Urine had protein & blood-no fever dr suspects kidney stone-given pain med. Leaking urine. Infection?	Tender lymph node Nodes on neck not typical of kidney stones, nor uti. Consider reactive arthritis.
1142341	Last night my back was hurting, when i woke up this morning i had also got chest pain right by the heart. It hurts to move and breath. What do I do?	Rest Take ibuprofen, naproxen, or Aspirin and rest. Be patient. You'll get better .Your pain is of muscular origin by description.
6641138	Having UC, on methotraxate inj. once a week. Having swollen tight and painful knees. What could it be. On painkillers for sacroillitis. Is it of conce?	Patellofemoral Synd 40's female w. Ulcerative Colitis has "sacroiliitis & painful knees". Painful sacroiliac joints, SIJ, commonly reflect mechanical ligament stress absent inflammation & none detected by SPECT scans. Genu varus/vulgus, GV, common w. Patellofemoral Syndrome, PS. High degree of association of Hypermobility Syndrome, SIJ disorder, UC, GV & PS. See Osteopath; Rheumatologists often overlook connection.
6640152	Back of leg above the knee hurts when straightening /standing. I can walk /bear weight after a minute. Thoughts on what it is? Hamstring?	Possible possible hamstring strain. could be a Baker's cyst.
1377814	Random chest pain that comes and goes on left side been like this for a long time ive had ex rays ekgs blood test all fine its like a stabbing pain?	The twinge This is quite common and harmless. I believe it results from a little fold in the membrane that lines the chest. I'll bet that it vanishes if you inflate your lungs to the maximum. "Texidor's twinge" is knife-like, can be intense, does not take your breath away, and is gone in a short time. It's not even worth a workup. Be thankful for good health and get on with your life.
6694828	My eyes are burning and itchy and my throat is itchy as well. I also have a stuffy nose which gets much worse at night. I am 16 weeks. What can I take?	Allergy season It's allergy season &you seem to be suffering from it. Allergy eye drops should not affect pregnancy. Cromolyn nasal spray won't either. Neither will warm salt water gargles. If you want an oral med, generic Benadryl or Claritin are considered safe in pregnancy, although pills are always best avoided if possible. All of these are available without prescription.
322604	Most recent labs: 
wbc-12.6
rbc-4.90
hemoglobin 10.3
rdw-16.1
mchc30.9
mch-23.7
mcv-73
ferritin, serum-14
iron saturation-5
iron, serum-19
?	Sounds like Iron deficiency, do you have heavy periods?
1547075	Little bumps on my penis since 3-4 years..!! when i pop this bumps,white liquid comes out,whats this? never sex,,only masturbation 21+ age	PPP Likely are pearly penile papules, which are harmless. See: http://pppremoval.Hubpages.Com/hub/pearly-penile-papules-ppp-removal-treatments -- for more information and options on treatment, if desired.
570513	Im 21yo and i missed my period today its 6days late and went to the ER negative pregnant tests no STDs but having pregnancy sympyoms.Is it pregncy?	No If the blood pregnancy test was negative, you most likely didn't ovulate and your symptoms are due to a relative excess of estrogen. Your doctor can either have you wait and see if you start on your own or give you Progesterone to start your cycle.
1494447	Multiple horrible joint pain.  Ra factor negative, sedrate at 26+, Hgb 3.89 and hct at 36.5. Is lupus and RA still possible? See doc soon.	As far as RA with-- --ESR @ 26 this is very low 4 it. I would suspect that the same is true with Lupus.
6669595	I was just told by an Infectious Disease Dr. I have Chronic Epstein Barr? What is this? Had Mono in high school, a while ago now?  Currently very ill.	It is an infection caused by a virus. Chronic form is associated with chronic fatigue syndrome. There is no effective drug that will eliminate the virus. Rather, you need to rely upon your own immune system to eradicate the virus. Rest and proper nutrition are your best bets. Ask your infectious disease specialist for more specific advice.
6697320	I have had a very itchy  bumps on one side of my scalp! I now have it on my back and the front of one leg! It itches welts and then scabs. ?	See Doctor need in person doctor exam soon
1456480	Test shows I have low sodium ct, would drinking gatorade/powerade instead of water help or do I have to cut back fluid? I get thirsty from working out	Yes And regular amounts of salt in your food.Dont overdo it though
1076915	I have an annoying pulsatile headache with diziness and eye pain for some weeks.Pain gets worse outside when it's cold.I took some advill, .Useless tho	Persistent headaches Should be evaluated by both your internist and an ophthalmologist to rule out any serious cause for them.
327272	What could it mean if u get itchy hands and feet and dizzy spells?	Anxiety Can cause these symptoms. I suggest you see your pcp.
1472063	Why would I have a sore throat and my tongue bleed when I brush my teeth?	Irritation Are you brushing your tongue when you brush your teeth? You maybe brushing to hard if so, also possible reaction to the tooth paste.
1228201	Would aspirin help or worsen deep vein thrombosis? Worried about possible blood clot from pain in leg and going to dr tomorrow.	Maybe-talk to MD Though Aspirin does effect blood clotting, your physician may want you to take another type of drug which when mixed with Aspirin may cause bleeding. This may also be the case with drugs like Naproxen and ibuprofen. Tell your physician everything and don't self medicate without their knowledge. Good luck.
536665	I have a red and itchy vagina and have come on my period. What can I use to help? I don't want to go to doctors as i'm bleeding heavily, but i'm sore	Check with OB/GYN MD Sorry, but you have to see the doctor. Even you are menstruating, it shouldn't stop you. Only after the physical examination, proper treatment can be prescribed.
536662	Is it possible2have an umbilical hernia w/o a visible lump? What else can be the cause4occasional pain inside belly button? (esp when bending back)	Strain Yes it is possible but it could be abdominal strain. If you have a hernia see a surgeon and they will fix it.
836295	What to do if I have very sore and tender lumps on my breast for a few weeks now what could it be?	Hormones Hormone imbalance can cause above symptom.It may related to some stress or some diet that high in estrogen as well.
1220226	Went for urine test.Blood 2+, protein trace, leuk 3+. What does this mean? I am also very tired with pain in kudneys and bladder.	Infection You have a significant urinary tract infection.
1170358	I have neck and knee arthritus, i want my whole.Bone structure evaluated. What is the type of doctor that does this called?	RHE Rheumatologist.
6774780	I missed my a period, when me and my boyfriend tried to have sex it hurt, and my vagina got swollen, I don't have any pregnancy symptoms really just fatigue. No swollen breasts,or anything I've read online. But I've never missed a period before, and this	Pregnancy test Sex can result in pregnancy, so a pregnancy test is in order when a period is missed.
6771998	I had IPL done on my arms and chest cuz I had lots of freckles and moles from sun. Can it cause melanoma to be missed?	It might If in doubt, see a dermatologist.
6682664	Hi I'm 18 years old and my period is 9 days late. My breasts aren't sore and I have some form of period cramp for a short time every couple of days but nothing serious. There is also a off white, yellow discharge. However sometimes I feel like I have hear	DoHomePregnancyTest If you have been having unprotected sex,then first thing you do is Home Pregnancy Test. If not then consult your Gynecologist and get checked as you may have an inffection
1227918	I have TMJ problems and i think wisdom teeth problems.Dizzy, headache, pressure in molar area, tests by physician and ER came back fine.Could it b teeth?	Or combination of Both TMJ and wisdom teeth, see an oral surgeon or a well qualified dentist for examination and treatment options. .
6628485	Small red/skin colored itchy bumps on genitals and legs not just where theres hair, when pop them hard white stuff comes out, bleeds alot, what is it?	See a doctor Rashes are very different and require a in person evaluation to accurately diagnose and treat.
513086	32weeks pregnant with a heart shaped uterus and having lower back cramping along with pressure in pelvic area. Could the baby have dropped?	See below As the baby grows you will continue to have more pressure.
6724570	My mammogram came back normal but is shows that my breast tissue is scattered fibroglandular. Should I follow this up with a ultrasound?   Emily	No need Fibrogladular tissue is normally found in the breast and is not a concern.
1024250	Small lump after breast biopsy, is it a hematoma?	unlikely Most probably , after breast biopsy patient has focal hemorrhage and small area of fat necrosis, as previous site of biopsy. Breast tissue predominantly fatty and does not reveal large blood vessels and ussually no hematomas after biopsy. A hematoma or haematoma, is a localized collection of blood outside the blood vessels, usually in liquid form within the tissue.
6709981	I woke up with small itchy like blisters on my middle finger and every time I scratch the bumps are spread down my infected finger (the bumps are not red, they are I guess u could say the color of my skin with a clear tip)?	Pompholyx. It is a kind of exzema with unknown cause. Steroids can help. See a dermatologist.l
985006	Why can't you perform venipuncture on the same side as a mastectomy?	Lymph edema Due to interruption of lymphatic channels in the axilla it is important to avoid anything that might lead to infection. Lymph edema can be quite disabling and difficult to treat. Precaution is appropriate.
1600673	I just ended my period a little over a week ago, yet I'm having PMS symptoms. Bloating, hungry all the time, sore breast(mainly in the nipple area), and fatigue, and lower abdominal cramps. I'm not on birth control so I have pretty   irregular periods, bu	Do pregnancy test Have you taken a pregnancy test? The symptoms you describe can be symptoms of pregnancy, and if you're not on birth control, it's a possibility. You can have 'periods' early in pregnancy, by the way. If the pregnancy test is negative, the next step is to see your Dr.
1334587	I feel like i have sinusitis. I have facial pain, swelling, congestion, for more than a year. When does facial swelling go down after meds?	Diagnosis You need to have a diagnosis before treatment recommendations. See and ENT doc who can examine, take xrays and give recommendations.
1600677	I have 3 dark purple spots that look like blood blisters  on my lingual tonsils, should I worry this is cancer? Have had a sore throat for 3 weeks.	No The tonsils are subject to a great deal of inflammation under certaincirdcumstances. Where there are the occassional cases of malignancy developing it is either from squamous malignancy or lymphoma. Neither present as hemmorhagic areas. The latter can occur when there is some bleeding into the tonsil because of proximity to the underlying intermal caroltid artery. Warm gargles should help.
1353308	Im in Zoloft 5mg Risperdal 0.25 Buspar 20mg  ativan 2mg trazadon 50mg there any interaction If doc add wellbutrein XL 150mg for helping Erections?	Here are some ... Your use of multiple central-nerve drugs would surely affect erection and ejaculation, but I'm sure for reasons. Can Doc cure anyone? No. They just help you modify your inside and outside environments with counseling, lifestyle modification without obsession/overindulgence, judicious use of drug for optimal self-healing leading to optimal functional recovery with your own residual energy/ability.
1284646	I have a sore dry throat and a cough aswell as a headache ears popping and a stuffy head what could be wrong and what can I do to help it?	Viral These symptoms are consistent with a viral upper respiratory tract infection(head cold) that should run its course in several days to a week. At this stage, decongestant pills(if you're not pregnant) and nasal spray as well as tylenol are helpful in relieving symptoms. See your physician if there is worsening cough, wheezing, new fever, chills and sweats.
753528	Are all gential warts the HPV virus? Do results show on a pap test? Are they all incurable?	Warts All genitals warts are hpv and they're all incurable. Certain strains can cause cervical cancer so be careful! no matter how good the sex is, it's not worth dying over. Hpv won't show up on a pap smear but precancerous or cancerous changes will.
1457313	I always got cold and allergy ,running nose ,sneezing etc?	More likely allergy If you have otherwise healthy then the problem is more likely from allergies. Try the OTC steroid nasal spray for several days . If still having problem, see your doctor or an allergist.
1116976	What are the pros and cons of a lumpectomy and a mastectomy? Does a mastectomy hurt a lot more than a lumpectomy?	Intact breast Lumpectomy is one way to save your breast. The control of breast cancer is similar in both procedures. So you should go for a lumpectomy plus radiation and save your breast, if you can. Good luck.
1184152	Is staph infections including MRSA in cats contagious to humans?	Staph aureus We are all colonized with staph aureus. Whether or not we become infected with these organisms depends on multiple different factors. The ones that are in your cat are the same as the ones in your gut, or in your nasopharynx or on your skin. They have the same disease producing mechanisms. Whether they will infect you is problematic.
169783	Strep? Moderate cold, severe headache & sore throat for a week. Cold & headache improving, throat worse than ever. No fever.Yellow patches on tonsils.	Possible Strep Sounds most likely like strep throat, but could be mono if an older child, especially a teenager. Would take in to see the dr an get throat swabbed to know for sure and start medicatins if strep.
823478	Had two cancerous moles removed at age 12. 21 now. Having a biopsy done of a large mole on my breast. If cancerous could it cause breast cancer?	Unrelated God forbid the mole biopsied from the breast turns out to be malignant, it would be a melanoma and not breast cancer. The two cancers have different biology. In brief, moles on the breast do not cause breast cancer.
872140	Could vit.D3 defficiency cause legs to shiver &inability to walk or stand.Vit d was 6.My left knee couldn't bend &area above knee hurt so much&shake?	?B-12 U may have pernicious anemia which is low vitamin b-12. Usually caused by malabsortion of v-b12.Not as uncommon as 1 may think. The rx is v-b12 injections. C u r pcp 4 testing.
1086920	Can you tell me what can poison ivy, oak and sumac look like on your skin?	Red, itchy streaks Skin contact with poison ivy can lead to a very itchy, red, blistering rash frequently in linear or streak patterns where the oleoresin contacted the skin. To read more about poison ivy, see my blog at: http://www.Familyallergyasthmacare.Com/2014/04/the-3-points-of-poison-ivy/.
1390249	Left Shoulder blade discomfort also lower chest closer to the armpit mostly when moving also shooting pain to the nipple comes and goes had a EKG and stress test 2 months ago everything ok what is ths?	Muscles See your chiropractor if heart problems ruled ou.
84518	My friend who has forth stage breast cancer has fluid around her lungs, tumers inside her lungs and is tired. Could oxygen therapy help her at all?	Yes As dr. Bessmer stated it can be checked to see if oxygen is low by use a pulse oximeter (you just place it on the finger at get a reading) it should be in the mid to high 90's. Otherwise oxygen bottles or generators can be ordered by your doctor. Sometimes the o2 level is good resting but walking it gets real low so it can be tested when walking as well.
944805	21 female pain in both breast down where the bra ends under the breast when pressed, not sexually active and don't drink alcohol what is it?	Common but... Breast pain is common for many reasons at all ages. It is potentially a dangerous sign but usually not. At your age with breast pain looking anything like you might imagine this woman must be experiencing, see your doctor today to be sure that it is not something worse like a heart attack. Yeast and other infections, cracked nipples , some not most breast cancer and muscle strain cause pains.
986553	26 yo female with severe knee and hand pain in the morning along with pain on balls of feet. Pain also in middle of night.Possible RA or Lyme disease?	Possible Rheumatology work up is needed, including a discussion with your doctor, as well possible blood tests. There are more than 1 or 2 conditions that could be ruled out on the systemic level.
6673873	I have pain above the scaphoid but xrays and mri came out negative for a break or fracture if I am still in massive pain like I am now is surgery best?	Diagnosis first Rec: orthopedic consult
347293	Muscle and joint pain, eyes hurt, nausea, dizzy, feel cold but burning up, and sore throat what's wrong?	Sick Could be the flu, a viral uri, or strep throat. It would be a good idea to see your primary doc soon...
809375	Period delayed by 2 weeks.Heavy clear white discharge.-ve pregnancy test.Pcos on metformin &clomid.Slight crampping & pain in uterus.Pregnancy chance?	PCOS You could be pregnant but pcos can also make the menses late. Most women with pcos have irregular menses. It would be important to know if you are regular on the Clomid and metformin.
779209	What would a be good protein supplement for someone with irritable bowel syndrome and susceptible to diarrhea?	IBS Suggest to look up a diet with the abreviation of fodmaps for ibs and follow the diet for about 2 weeks to 1 month. This diet seems to be effective.
1548578	Patient with double mastectomy and bilateral lymph node biopsy (not dissection), where should future blood pressures be taken.	Any arm. If there is not a complete Axillary dissection, then there is no problem taking BP in Either arm.
1362562	What to do if I have a pain on the left side of my heart / breast area?	Diagnosis? The cornerstone of treatment is an accurate diagnosis. Neither you nor I have any clue what's causing your pain so you need to be evaluated.
1221462	Can bruxism cause shoulders pain  and jaws pain also both sides?Neck head MRI norml.Chest angio CT normal no cardiac issues.Have infection under tooth	Yes Bruxism can cause too much stress on the temporomandibular joints(hinges of the jaws)and is a cause of chronic jaw pains. The same type of tension and stress on the neck and shoulder muscles can do the same.
1009870	Unprtctive sex 17 aug, light period 25 only 2 days.Nxt period came today, still light bt lot of cramps.Freq urination, headache, fatigue. Pregnant?	Pregnancy and urine Yes you may be pregnant. But there may be other problems going on at the same time. Your presentation may be due pregnancy, urine or bladder infection and many other problems. You need to see a doctor right away who will perform some tests and treat as appropriate. Thank you. I hope you feel better after your treatment
1406478	Herpes antibody test 2.05 IgM for HSV-2 and 0.05 IgG for HSV-2, do I have the viris or not? My Dr. said that he thinks not, I don't know what to think	IgM versus IgG You very well may have an early infection with herpes. You cannot know for certain without a follow up test. I would wait six weeks and then repeat the tests. If the IgG is still negative then, you do not have the infection. Sometimes the IgM testing picks up HSV1 and cannot distinguish it.
1007326	Please help a sudden intense of fear, everytime i wake in the nyt, chest pain, worries, tingling in my feet is it still anxiety?Normal 2decho, ecg, stress t	Panic attacks likely Your symptoms would be alarming for most people, and i'm glad you've had a cardiac workup that's turned out normal. Good for you. Your symptoms are also very common in panic disorder -- including waking in the night with panic attacks. A psychiatrist should be able to help you with these attacks, and i see you're also in "behavior therapy." the two can work well together for you.
1009876	Noticed red blotchy rash looking spot about 1-2 inches above areola area on my left breast..No trauma doesn't hurt or itch...What could this be?	Get checked Rashes on the breast should be seen. It could be lots of things. Rarely it could be due to breast cancer. Other less scary causes would be much more common at your age. Best to be safe. See gyn.
748929	Are knee braces good to help with chondromalacia patella? I don't see many people recommending them.	50/50 Braces may help with subluxation of the patella (j sleeve type of brace). For run of the mill chondromalacia patella, treatment consists of activity modification, therapy, anti-inflammatory meds. Braces in this population may provide some benefit. I tell my patients to try one on, take it for a test drive around the office and if you like it, then give it a shot.
918385	I 27 years old n have a mass in the parotid gland n just been diagnose with lymphatic malformation n how could this be i never had systoms as a child?	Unknown Probably was there in some form.
1456111	I Had a cold two weeks ago, developed into bronchitis. Been taking Mucinex to help. history of asthma. Having pain mid chest between breasts. Concerning?	Cold Colds are often a trigger for asthma. See your doctor and review your symptoms and have your chest examined. You may be having an asthma flare up.
949747	Wasp sting on toe. Took benadryl, ibuprofen, ice.  After 48 hours, toe is pain-free but top of foot is swollen. No other symptoms. How long til er?	Good treatment You did all the right things! the swelling may take many days to subside. You can accelerate it by keeping off your feet and keeping your foot elevated.
615344	I have had a cough that leads to short of breath for 2months vomiting headache nausea dizziness swoll lymphnod etc what can be the cause of this cough?	Complex This one is too complex for an e-mail answer. Likely you have post inflammatory bronchitis and may need a combination of, singulair, advair (these are my preferred drugs of choice), possibly half dose Medrol dose pack, + 100 % (100%) no dairy. www.thepmc.org.
1016415	Would a ovarian cyst and uterine polyp cause pelvic pain every day & back ache, shivers down legs aching legs, headaches. Heavy periods.	Polyp A uterine polyp can certainly cause heavy periods. Ask if you are a candidate for a simple minimally invasive procedure called myosure. An ovarian cyst can cause pain.
1269740	I'm taking many supplements multi-vitamins with iron 100% of all, fish oil 1000mg, resveratrol 250mg is this ok to take all daily ihave for 1-2 years?	You probably don't Need the resveratrol at age 16. The others sound ok as long as you are in good health and have no contraindications in your history.
1576902	Cyle starts in 2 days, no tender or swollen breast, little fatigue and cramps, sometimes wake up with nausea. Is it period symptoms or pregnancy?	Could be either Check pregnancy test if sexually active and not using protection.
1529976	My dad's ENT dr. Wants to do an excisional biopsy on his swollen neck lymph node what r the chance of the cancer spreading if he goes forward with it?	Node Great question. Often a fine needle aspiration biopsy is done first. If that is inconclusive then the node may be removed. Usually the first step is to get a cat scan to give a better idea as to what it going on
553253	Knee pain and MRI report found that. Horizontal  tear in posterior horn and body of medial meniscus. What is that mean & what treatment we should take?	Arthroscopy? Next step depends more on clinical exam than the mri; nonetheless assuming you have joint line pain, clicking, and failed a period of rest and medications, the arthroscopy with partial meniscectomy is helpful in a majority of cases.
6772512	I got over mono last month and now have a sore throat with clear phlegm and a small bump on the right side of my neck under my jaw. Is it still mono?	Probably not When the body fights back at mono the lymph nodes in your neck swell to produce antibodies. The tissue of the throat will need time to heal. Your symptoms sound more like a new irritation - body responding by coating area with phlegm and the lymph node responding with antibodies. Gargle warm salt water and rest. If still a problem after week or rapidly worsening symptoms see MD
1314276	What to do about dry scalp with dandruff problems and acne?	Keep oily hair away from forehead. Wash hair daily to prevent dandruff. Try anti-dandruff shampoos that contains zinc pyrithione, which can reduce the scalp fungus associated with dandruff; selenium sulfide, which can limit cell turnover and possibly even decrease the amount of fungus; salicylic acid, which works as a sort of scrub to slough off dead skin.
226732	41 year old male  that is sexually active. Have an itchy penis and there is also a white discharge around it. What could it be?	Sounds like... An itchy penis with white discharge ("around it") is likely yeast infection. However, you should be evaluated by physician to rule out stds.
1264595	7+4 wks, hCG levels 15750 went up to 18000 after 48 hrs. Empty sac, tilted uterus. Some cramping w/ light brown spotting. Viable pregnancy?	What does doc say? It surely sounds like this is not a viable pregnancy. But, you asked this question without sharing with us what the physician caring for you says.
939297	My gf has late period for 2 weeks now, no pregnancy symptoms, but lots of cramps and clear discharge turns brown. 2 negative test. Can she be pregnant?	Unlikely If she is late for her period and the tests are negative, then she is not pregnant. She really should schedule a visit with an ob/gyn to discuss regulation of her cycle with birth control pills. She also needs to be checked for infection!
34073	What is the chance of suppressing MRSA complications that have already required the amputation of your leg?	Can be done Depends on the degree of infection, see an infectious disease specialist.
6738089	I have these itchy bumps on my head, they're not from lice or eczema, I do suffer from dandruff though?	Dandruff is a kind of inflammation, can cause itching and bumps, try OTC shampoo first, use it regularly, if doesn't improve, see your doctor, you might need more medicines then
6644168	Fever, sore throat for 2 days, hard, painful swollen gland in neck which disappeared, bit still hurts, much bigger painful appeared on the other side?	Infection its most likely infectious, possible representing bacterial(strep) or viral pharyngitis. With your age, it could also be mono. There is other stuff that is much less common, but those are the likely players.
6737029	Change BC pills: Cryselle in April, LowOgestrel in May, Back to Cryselle now. Cramps, fatigue, nausea (off and on) for a month. Breast now sore. Why?	Pregnant maybe check a pregnancy test as I would have told you to use a condom back up each time you changed pills.
72202	I've had constant headaches and migraines for 5 years. I've seen neurologists and eye specialists and no one has given me answers?	?OMT Do you have a history of head trauma? Do the headaches occur with a pattern? Consider a trial of osteopathic cranial manipulative treatment. This is a gentle, noninvasive extremely safe and effective approach to addressing any functional anatomic contributing factors to many types of headache patterns. http://www.cranialacademy.com has a doctor finder function to find someone in your area.
1215463	Can birth control give you pregnancy like symptoms? Almost done with second pack and nausea bloating stomach pains? Ortho tri cyclen lo?	Birth Control Yes. This is absolutely common and is printed in every pharmacy information sheet that comes with these hormones.
1468275	Get dizziness and bad frontal headache everytime I stand up. I do have low blood pressure. But could this be symptoms of something serious ?	Better with lying? If it is completely better with lying down, it may be a symptom of intracranial hypotension. While this is not a serious condition, it is a problem with have a headache whenever you stand. It it is definitely positional in nature, you will want to explain this to a doctor who can see you in person and help you get the right treatment for it. It is probably not caused by your blood pressure.
537321	Palpitations, chest pain and tightness, light headed ness, dizziness.. Tachycardia, feeling lung not expanding, symptoms before sleep, male 27 , ?	See your doctor Would have it checked out by your doctor, but it sounds like panic symptoms, which also need to be addressed.
1547422	I have an on off pain in the back of my right arm, just above my elbow. Is this urgent? It's not broken I'm sure, maybe blood clot or tendinitis?	Tendonitis This could be due to a variety of causes, but tendinitis is high on the list of possibilities. You can treat the pain with prn NSAIDS, ice and possibly steroid injections.
689672	I have a scatteted rash around my wrists, top of arms, ankles & tiny bit on my back.I feel completely well, no other symptoms.Red raised bumps, itches?	See a dermatologist To properly diagnose a rash, a doctor actually has to be able to see it. See a dermatologist.
1405782	Yellow pus cuts under testicles and a boil like bump on the sack! Haven't been sexually active in about two months! STD? Or Infection?	Infection That could be a staph infection. You should see your doctor for correct treatment. Those types of lesions may spread easily and cause deeper infections. Call your doctor.
600354	Is it normal to have a sore spot on your head after wearing a clippy in it several days ago? It was a really small one but my head is really tender.	Scratch or abrasion Did you break the skin with the clippy if so you may have a small ulcer or abrasion in the area that hurts.
313026	So i got my period a week early. Prior to this i took 3 pregnancy tests. All negative. Have abdominal pain, nausea, cramps. Could i still be pregnant?	Possibly Home pregnancy tests won't turn positive until about the time you'd start your next expected period. If it's not positive then, repeat it in 1 week.
212605	8 weeks ago my finger started burning. Then 4 weeks later I woke up to a stiff painful finger.  Stiffness spread to three other fingers in the morning and they sometimes have a snapping movement. The index finger remains sore all day. Saw an orthopedic an	Trigger finger Sounds like a trigger finger-swelling of the tendon getting caught in its sheath. Most require injections of steroid and resolve.
188878	I have a pimple-like thing in "frontal genital area" (pubic area) that is dark red. It's been there for years, tried popping it once but it was much more resistant that a normal pimple. Positive its not an STD or sti, so what could it be?	Be seen It could be a variety of things. Be seen for a diagnosis, and maybe a biopsy.
375577	I have joint pain in my hips and in my left leg muscles and knees .What could be the cause of this? The legs pain hurts mainly when i lay on it.	Leg pain Sounds like sciatica/referred pain. May be hip arthritis or synovitis. Check with your orthopedic surgeon. Get imaging.
370055	I think i may have a urinary tract infection. It hurts to urinate and my urine is faded and had a strong odor. What do I do?	See a doctor This can easily be diagnosed and treated by your local primary care physician, while making sure there is nothing more serious going on. You should be better very soon.
6641083	Ihave very high count mitochondrial antibodies and have been diagnosed with fatty liver disease.  Is it ok to take aleve for  muscle pain I'm having?	Fatty liver disease You should not take anything over the counter without approval from your liver disease doctor. Most likely the answer will be "It's OK" but don't take chances.
1402372	Period 7th June, unprotected sex from 16th June, light period on 23rd,period on 12th, nausea,fatigue,bad taste,sore breasts, am 44 with 25 day cycle?	??? You say you have 25 day cycle, but the periods you noted were much more frequent that that. I am confused. Please ask again with more specific and clear details. I wish you the best.
206985	I have pain during and after sex with white discharge following. Severe pain in lower abdomen has spread. Pregnant? Ovarian cyst? I have ovarian cyst.	It could It may be your ovarian cyst but if you have discharge it could also be a vaginal infection, so you need to have pelvic evaluation by your doctor.
1517896	I am 35 weeks pregnant and has Rubella IgM positive (1.31) and Toxoplasma Gondii IgG positive (151.62). Is my baby at any risk?	Contact your OB MD Yes, I could give you an answer, but your OB MD has examined you, and knows the details of your testing and their advice trumps my potential advice every time.
1154440	Lisa(54) due for 2nd round of chemo(1st round very hard on her) and has fractured her leg; is it advisable to delay treatment(stage 3 breast cancer)?	Treat Fracture What is the cause of the fracture? Was it due to a fall or trauma or because there is weak area in the bone due to spread of the cancer? The fracture must be stabilized so that lisa can be as mobile as possible to prevent blood clots. People with cancer are at increased for blood clot. The orthopedic oncologist can then consult with the oncologist as to optimum time for cancer treatment.
1161220	I have a dry itchy throat followed by a  persistent dry cough with a cough followed by phelgm at night... I am not sick?	Possibilities... Possible etiologies include post-nasal drip, gerd, allergy, bronchospasm or even a combination of these factors. Each if these has a different treatment so you may need to see your doctor so a diagnosis can be made and treatment rendered, especially if these symptoms persist or worsen.
774448	I have a red spotted rash on my chest, back and stomach area. It is not on my arms and legs and it is mildly itchy. Do you have any idea what it is?	Skin rash Without a picture i can only guess that you have patches of eczema. See a dermatologist for evaluation and treatment.
1529230	I have sever hypochondriasis, I litteraly have symptoms every day until I sleep. Is this possible wity somatization disorder ? To habe non stop sympto	Yes If you have not already, I would look into some behavioral council. We live in a world where danger dose exist, but danger has always existed. Now we live in a time where we are reminded of it 24/7 online etc. See councilor, good hygiene-sleep,eat etc. and get some regular exercise.
1161228	Ct showed colitis in left & transv. Colon. history of gastritis & duodenitis. Dr. Thinks poss. Crohn's or u. Colitis. Biopsy sched. Which 1 more likely?	IBD Crohn's usually involves very short segments of bowel while ulcerative colitis usually starts near the rectum and travels up the left colon, transverse and sometimes reaches the cecum in a more confluent pattern. Biopsies can help clear up this picture. Other causes of colitis include infection, ischemia and nsaids.
6609468	Sore breasts for almost 2 weeks, but negative pregnancy test result? Is it cause my period isn't expected till another 2 weeks?	Common Breast tenderness around mid-cycle is extremely common, usually not to worry. A pregnancy test in the first half of the cycle (i.e., 2 weeks before expected period) is not useful, you can't be pregnant then. Hope this helps you.
354438	What does having sore throat, red tonsils, bloodshot eyes, fever and headaches indicative of?	Several things This problem mandates a real-time (face-to-face) meeting with a doctor. A history has to be taken along with a examination as well as labs and other tests. Only after all this will your doctor be in a position to tell you what's wrong and what needs to be done to help you.
6780695	Dull ear ache (doesn't really hurt) stiff neck, feels like it needs cracked or adjusted, and eye pressure. What could this possibly be. Thank you ?	Need exam If you have pain in your ear, you should have the doctor look at it. External ear infections respond to ear drops, middle ear infections and sinusitis need decongestants and sometimes antibiotics.
361082	Dear doctor, today i had my first hepatitis b vaccination (two more in the course of three ) q, do I pose any danger to pregnant mums to be?  Thanks	No No danger.
1245376	What eye infection would affect one eye, cause pain in movement, touch, ect, and swelling? Felt like a migraine til i woke up with it swollen today.	See your doc or An opthalmologist. You don't want the infection, and the doc will tell you if it is or isn't, to travel to the other eye. Peace and good health.
1229791	I have missed 2 periods, took five pregnancy tests, all negative but my abdomen feels tight. Some nausea.. Maybe pregnant or do you think cysts?	Likely not pregnant Follow up with ur gyn and pcp and get checked for ovarian cyst, endometriosis, intestinal and stomach problems etc. Take care and god bless u! http://womenshealth.About.Com/cs/pelvicpain/a/pelvicpainpt2.Htm.
747800	Age 49 weight loss and different stools sometimes with acid or mucus.Multiple erosions in stomach. Fullness feeling.Too weak to test colo test for ibs?	Weight loss You need to be evaluated by your doctor.
521045	How long is recommended off work after keyhole surgery to remove ovarian cyst, 5cm inside ovary?	ASK the doc who Did your surgery, please call him or her today , your surgeon should have already told you, that is part of your post-op care so call your surgeon today as your surg knows how your surg went and he or she is the only one who should tell u.
239159	Took cephalexin for infection. Now have itchy, flaky skin on my scalp, in my ears, & pelvic area.  Allergy meds/creams don't work. Still have inital infection.?	Allergy vs fungus This could be an allergic reaction although it should be everywhere on your body, not just scalp, ears and groin. It could very well be that the Cephalexin has suppressed your immune systems synergistic bacteria that keeps typical candidal fungus species at bay and this is the side effect. Happens a lot with women treated for urinary tract infxns then getting yeast infxn due to the antibiotic.
1377267	I got married two years back & have been experiencing irregular periods and acne since then due to sexual activity.When will the hormones settle down?	Misinformed? Sexual activity has no role in any change in the menstrual cycle. It does not cause 'irregular' periods.
6768801	Chances of being pregnant getting negative on a HPT 4/5 weeks after intercourse and no missed period. I still have tummy aches and one sore nipple.	What did test show? If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. If it has been 4 weeks since intercourse then the test results are reliable.
1288840	Swollen glands, swollen tonsils, sore throat, difficultly eating or drinking water headache, dr gave me penicillin for pain? When should I worry	1-2 days If not better in 24-48 hours see dr immediately. That's how long antibiotics should start working.
852660	Hi my mother have blood pressure today blood pressure  reach to 220/130 what foot reason decrease pressure the wight is 90 kgm and length is 160cm ?	Don't understand Your question but immediate medical attention required....Er!
1258767	Acne on my butt. Tiny bumps/painful hard acne. Possible treatment for the acne/scars? Dark scars, craters and new skin formation. Laser/chemical peel?	Infection Check with your private dermatologist. This sound like recurrence of small glutral abscesses leaving hard painful scars- or in fact, ongoing abscess formation. Must be visualized for diagnosis.
1407439	Period is very short (1 day) cramping, nausea, breast swollen, headaches. negative pregnancy test. Could i still be pregnant, if not what is wrong?	You can repeat pregnancy test a week after the one day bleeding episode to ensure accuracy. The main reason for light periods is change in hormone levels. Causes for what seems to be a light period can include: thyroid problems, eating disorders, excessive exercise, initial periods for a girl, use of intrauterine device, oral contraceptives, perimenopause & implantation bleeding in early pregnancy (rare).
1383396	I am experiencing nausea, sensitivity to smell, gas, heart burn, tender breasts. Had an early 6 day med period w/ small clots. Could I be pregnant?	Pregnancy test Yes. Do a pregnancy test and see your doctor. Hope this helps and best of luck
1288669	Which blood pressure medicine that after long term use can cause  irregular heart beat.	Irregular HR The dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and nitrates can cause reflex tachycardia but not irregular hear beat.
6707163	Why do i still have diarrhea after stmoach flu
I've been with the stomach flu for 7days now I feel much better no nausea or cramping pain. ?	These viruses Can linger for a couple of weeks. Make sure you are eating a nutritious diet to allow your intestinal lining to regrow.
1011002	I'm getting a coranary cta this week. Doc said it will show arteries & heart. Will this show if i had a heart attack or plaque build up in arteries?	CTA for risk It will look for narrowing of arteries that suggest there is plaque. It will not show a heart attack but will help with identifying risk. Other tests like an ekg would tell if you've had a heart attack.
6632122	Very painful lump on upper labia (pea sized), developed overnight. Hot compress so far has not "popped" it. Not sexually active. I do shave. Ideas?	Folliculitis The symptoms you describe are consistent with Folliculitis. You may need antibiotics. See your physician.
1496367	Had my period and 2 weeks after brown spotting with cramps and thick white discharge coukd I be pregnant?	Abnormal Discharge This could signify a vaginal infection with the spotting being from your cervix which can get inflamed and irritated. I would recommend an exam to rule out infections.
854973	Insomnia, frequent waking, very heavy snoring, unrefreshing sleep, fatigue every day. Sleep study confirms no sleep apnea present. What could it be?	UARS In patients that snore and have frequent awakenings with nonrestorative sleep, the diagnosis is often uars (upper airway resistance syndrome) which is in the similar spectrum to apnea. Often devices such as snore guards (one such is snore rx) and treating nasal congestion (theraventsnoring, breathright, nasal sprays) can be helpful. See sleep specialist if not getting answers you need.
220073	Is it common to have bloody discharge from your nipple after a breast biopsy?	It can happen Any type of breast surgery can cause bloody discharge from the nipple for a short period of time.
1018724	What causes pain and burning down the front of the left upper thigh and leg, right above knee?	Depends on your His- Tory, if any injury or past hx of it. One of the diseases (with type of symptoms like the one you have), is called meralgia paresthetica. With pain/tingling over the front ; outer aspect of the thigh, from being pinched in the area of the outer end of the groin crease. Pain meds + stretching exercises are helpful. See your orthopedist.
1283675	Migraines/headaches, nausea & body aches in the evening. & waking up with a sharp pain in my lower right side of my stomach.	Needs more testing First, get a pregnancy test. Of the symptoms you list, the abdominal pain is the most significant. Need to check if that is really abdomen or pelvis, which is easily done at primary care office.
337646	Can implantation bleeding start then stop then start then af 2 days late then all bleeding stop and faint positive urine negative blood still be preg?	Blood is accurate Repeat the blood test if it is neg then you are not preg.
118745	I have question with my bladder. I have frequency, urgency, and occasional incontinence. No uti, no bladder or pelvic floor prolapse.?	? OAB, IC, DM, MS You may have an overactive bladder, or interstitial cystitis. Diabetes can cause these symptoms, but, knowing you don't have a UTI means you had a urinalysis which was negative and would have demonstrated sugar. Some neurologic conditions such as multiple sclerosis, or spinal cord or brain conditions can give these symptoms, but again there would likely be other neurologic symptoms. Good luck.
6773026	Whats a good home treatment for an eye infection. lower eyelid is swollen and part of it has hardened a little..but its not very painful. eye bit red?	See a doctor I'm afraid that you can't self medicate what you just described, you will need prescription medications after a doctor's evaluation
768822	I'm having a CT heart angiogrami. I have been given ivabradine 5mg (mild asthma)  i'm worried re my heart slowing down too much.I have brain aneurysm.	Monitoring The pulse is slowed enough to gather good images of the mobile heart and arteries. They will watch BP and pulse carefully.
593706	I get dizzy very often and feel weak my blood test says my blood is fine but i also get pains on the left eye head, neck as well as aches in my fingers?	Hypotension It may be orthostatic hypotension with change of activity after a period of inactivity the pains in your finger may be unrelated perhaps from trauma or arthritis.
838606	I've been sexually active. Now am having to deal with an itchy vagina and it seems swollen and red. What could be wrong?	Yeast or vaginosis Best to consult your gynecologist or family dr.
1287499	Fem w/small painful red bumps around the anus. When dabbed with tissue, slightly yellow pus comes out. It's painful to move/sit/. No sexual partners.	Possible infection Red bumps with a yellowish exudate can be indicative of many things. You may have a bacterial or viral infection. It is best to see a doctor for a proper evaluation.
1518012	When I lay on left ear I get dizzy and it isn't always. Now and then. I've had sinus problems ENT ruled out bppv and Mineres. What else could be?	A sinus infection The sinus' can affect the inner ears so see a doctor who can do imaging studies on your sinus'
6722239	Have kidney infection with some blood in urine. Given antibiotic but not taken it cause it makes me nausea. Could it get worse if I don't take it?	Yes You must discuss with your physician about an alternate antibiotic. The kidney infection if untreated could progress to sepsis and could be very serious.
6732543	Have brown discharge for 5 days, supposed to get period in 7-10 day. Sexually active, on birth control. Had sex 5, 7, & 14 days ago. ovulated week ago?	Birth control You mention that you are on birth control. If so then you are not ovulating. Birth control works by preventing ovulation. Brown discharge is usually old blood. The most common cause is breakthrough bleeding -- bleeding at the wrong time while on birth control. It is annoying but resolves on its own. If the bleeding and discharge continues schedule a visit for testing
6651341	Ok so i can stop the low dose  aspirin without fear of heart attack or stroke? initially i was given aspirin because blood preasure was elevated 135/8	Asa this question is best directed to your doctor who has the most information about you and your risk factors
1309478	Will a UTI or vaginal bacterial infection or STD appear within hours of a female receiving prolonged ( approx. One hour) of unprotected oral sex?	Maybe Time to avoid sex with men you do not know well. Your instincts are warning you regarding your risky behavior. Of course you can contract any infection from contact. Honeymoon cystitis occurs from irritating the urethra. If symptoms persist see your doctor and consider only having sex when you are protected and both of you are monogamous. Try not to view sex as a sport.
1448171	I get. Migraines,stomach pain,upper back/neck pain,nausea, cold chills,dizziness,leg cramps and had some diarrhea. since I had my baby a month ago.	Seasonal flu is very common viral infection. Usually the condition resolves on its own with home care. Drink a lot of water and get a good rest. NSAIDs (e.g.Aleve) are also recommended every 6 hours. If concerned, see your PCP for reevaluation.
90842	I have a severe headache w/dizziness & nauseous. Pain mostly on rs includes ear/neck pain. Now my whole cheek is swollen? What could it be?	Migraine or variant Sounds like a type of migraine. If this is a new symptom, it requires immediate investigation. Could also be temporal arteritis which is a medical emergency because it sometimes leads to blindness. You need to see a doctor asap. Make sure he does a sed rate as well as the usual headache tests.
484621	Painful lump r armpit 49 f dental hygienist general aching r arm numb fingers r wrist neck bicep thumb middle & ring joint swelling on & off 3-4 month?	Need evaluation You need an examination by a hand specialist or neurologist to make the correct diagnosis.
6676318	Diarrhea, irregularity, excessive gas, abdominal pain for a month.  Taking probiotic, Metamucil.  What could I have?  What can I do for relief?	See doctor Diarrhea that persists thatt long can be serious. Infection, inflammation, food intolerance and other causes should be considered.
382223	My doctor has recommended chemotherapy prior to a lumpectomy due to the 
size of the tumor in my left breast. Common practice? Microscopic diagnosis:invasive ductual carcinoma
macroscopic diagnosis: three cores of intermingled glistening gray & yellow	This This treatment strategy is called "neoadjuvant chemotherapy. " it can be used for a woman for woman who have larger tumors (> 3-5 cm) and who wants to have a lumpectomy. Sometimes in this situation the tumor is too big to take out of the breast without the surgery being dysfiguring. Giving chemotherapy first should shrink the tumor and sometimes can allow a lumpectomy to be done instead of a mastectomy so that the woman can keep her breast. The alternative would be to have a mastectomy (the breast removed) and then get the chemotherapy after surgery. In order to be eligible for neoadjuvant chemotherapy the woman should not have any other reasons why a lumpectomy cannot be performed. The other implication of this is that if neoadjuvant chemotherapy is done and then a lumpectomy is completed the woman will need to have 6 weeks of daily radiation to the breast after the surgery. If a mastectomy is done radiation may or may not be needed.
359520	I have sharp pain under my left rib side when i breathe in and out...Have also had a head cold with sore eyes, headache, hot sweats, and green snot?	Call doctor I'm so sorry you are suffering. It sounds like you have an infection and need to see your doctor/pcp, especially since you are experiencing a sharp pain with breathing. Please call and let her/him know what is going on!
511109	Abdominal pain during and after chlamydia treatment. Could it be pid?	Possibly You should follow up w your physician to figure it out as the treatment for gc/chlamydia cervicitis is different then that for pid. Delaying could have long term complications associated w fertility (among other less common complications).
1450339	I have a constant headache and I can feel mucus in the back of my throat with congestion, what should I take ?	Headache if its in the front maybe sinus or allergy related and you could try a decongestant and ibuprofen If its after 5 dont take the decongestant. Ifs its in the back or sides may be viral and try the ibuprofen if its bad or persistent check it out
1450338	Woke up Friday with a rash on my elbow but today Saturday it is painful filled bumps and the area is swollen. . What is ir?	Rash Could be several different things, including rhus dermatitis (poison ivy), herpes zoster (shingles), eczema, psoriasis or even a cntact dermatitis. A picture would help, but I suggest a visit to your physician or dermatologist.
1156358	Im 18, I have dizziness and slight numbness on one side of my head. Afraid of a brain tumor because its being going on on and off for 3 months?	Numbness Check with a neurologist to rule out migraines.
1110905	Can you get a yeast or BV infection due to your period? Started having symptoms a few days after mine. Have never had vag, anal, or oral sex. Virgin	Hormonal Changes can put you at risk for yeast infection. The time before, during and after your period is a time of hormonal change.
6763250	I take Prozac 40mg and valium 13mg (weaning) a day. I suffer from severe constipation. Had to go to ER because of stomach pains. Can these cause this?	Unlikely You need a full exam and eval for cause of constipation and stomach pains. Constipation is a very uncommon side effect of Prozac and Valium. Follow up with recommendations of ER doc and keep your pcp informed, if not see him/her as well. I hope this helps and you feel better.
1110906	How long does beta derm take to clear up exzema flare up? Redness, scaling, painful and itchy down left thigh, over my knee and down my calf...Day 4	Eczema The key to treat your eczema is to treat the dryness. You need to apply a thick moisturizer, such as vaseline and try covering the affected skin by wrapping it with gauze overnight.
1509325	Hard unmovable lump right on my jaw joint, adjacent to my ear lobe.  If I move my jaw I can't feel it. But my jaw get stuck when I eat and headache.	TMJ Likely TMJ. Oral surgery exam first to confirm.
1132544	Headache, neck pain, lower back ache, fatigue, nausea, bloating, mild cramps for a week. Lmp12/10 next due 1/7 still nothing. Neg hpt. Am i pregnant?	Home Pregnancy Test Home pregnancy test will rule out or support your concern. For the most reliable results, however, wait until one week after a missed period. As always, discuss your headache with your doctor before assuming the source of the pain is your neck, back pain or other comorbidity.
372365	For the last few months i've been having some vaginal discharge and have had an odor & the same when i pee, is this an std? I've had one sexual partner and my partner has had one other before me. (not to be discusting but to me my pee smells like ham & pi	The The most common cause for this is BV (bacterial vaginosis) which is technically not an std. Another less probable cause is an std called trichomonas (trick for short). Both can be treated with similar meds. For more info go to www.Tindamax.Com. (i do not have stock in their company).
492830	I have a 3.3cm simple cyst on left ovary so missed my period can I ovulate again from other side without inducing my period?	Well? Check a pregnancy tests; simple cysts do not inhibit menses. You still may ovulate fron that ovary or the other but that would result in menstruation. Likely didn't ovulate; make sure your no pregnant.
1393751	Took my wife to the doctor because she couldn't control her urine, and we got send home with antibiotics for UTI. It has been 3 days and my wife is st?	Followup sounds like the UTI may not be responsive to the antibiotic she took. Call and see if a urine culture was done, and see if the antibiotic was appropriate.
1230397	Extreme fatigue, nausea, previously spotting, emotional. I was on the Depo-Provera so I have no idea how to tell if its my period. Symtoms for a week now?	Might be If you are off of the depo shot, it varies, but the first months are associated with irregularity in terms of the occurrence of your period. These sound like cycle related symptoms, but they can also be associated with pregnancy. Check a test and wait.
620310	Hi, I am an 18 year old male that suffers from hormonal acne. When I do weight training or am sexually active. Is there anyway you can help me?	See a dermatologist Ask your derm if they can try you on spironolactone.
771812	I am on the Depo-Provera shot but my breast are sore to were , wearing a bra is uncomfortable . My lower back and hips sometimes have sharp pains in them?	Hard to answer Depo Provera is a very strong and effective type of hormone for birth control that has several side effects. Breast tenderness, nausea, headaches, loss of sex drive and several other general side effects are associated. There may be some bone loss changes with prolonged use, however, the sharp pains being described are probably not Depo Provera related.
1170926	39 year old woman with mild/moderate rheumatoid arthritis.  Cbc done - hemoglobin, hematocrit, MCV levels low, but iron is in normal range?	Anemia These values show that your anemia is not due to blood loss but is due to chronic inflammation which suppresses your bone marrow function resulting in chronic anemia. Your md or a hematologist can advise you as to whether further tests are warranted.
118350	Could there be a connection between bad lower back pain and a weak urine stream?	No There is no connection between the two. Each symptom has numerous causes but the causes are not related.
791547	How do they test for kidney infections, would it come up in a urine sample? Got tested for a uti.. Seem to be having pain in kidney area in back	Urine sample Kidney infection is extension of bladder infections--both uti. Kidney is more concerning, can get very sick, fast. ? Treated for uti. Could be stone, so if fever, chills, increased pain or worsens, needs to be seen.
1040521	Does a completely removed potential precursor to malignant melanoma atypical nevus return in same place? Does it return as a malignant melanoma?	No If completely removed with adequate margins it shuoldn't come back.
6749360	I had shoulder surgery 3 years ago and now I am having constant numbness and tingling down my arm and hands . My neck is tight and tense on the side?	Pinched nerve The symptoms suggest a pinched nerve - may not be related to the shoulder surgery at all. I would see your Family Doctor or urgent care for further work up
929547	Hi, can I take a nighttime sleep aid containing diphenhydramine & a nighttime decongestant?	Drugs You can, but Diphenhydramine or Benadryl can work both as a sleep aid and a decongestant.
6735790	I got herpes zoster (shingles) been to doctor he give me only acyclovir and ibuprofen,is there anything I can apply directly on affected area for pain?	SHINGLES THERE IS REALLY NOTHING YOU CAN APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE SKIN THAT WOULD HELP. SOME SALVES AND OINTMENTS CONTAINING LIDOCAINE MIGHT HELP, BUT THE IBUPROFEN SHOULD DO THE TRICK. WITH YOUR DOCTORS PERMISSION, YOU MIGHT TRY TO INCREASE THE DOSE OF THE IBUPROFEN.
809962	23m-rupture discs w/ 5mm retrolisthesis (l4/5&l5/s1) s/p discectomy surgeon doesn't want surgery, 2nd opinion recommended hybrid lumbar fusion. What should I do? Daily pain 6+/10 back & both legs 2yrs	Bed rest You should try bed rest for an extended period of time, up to 2 weeks. If symptoms improve, you're good. Otherwise, you get to choose what to do.
612193	I feel a small lump that hurts in the center of my neck right under my adam's apple, is it possibly a swollen lymph node?	Possibly It is possibly a lymph node; alternatively, it could be a nodule on your thyroid, or even an abscess. If it is worrisome, you should see your doctor for further evaluation.
286650	Have possible inner ear infection. Finally got antibiotics 4 weeks later cause it wasn't getting better. Was only dizzy, ear pain, fatigue, headache, ear fullness. Been 4 days of taking amoxicillin and developed vertigo/nausea. How long til it gets better	May need follow-up You may have resistant organism to amoxicillin. Strongly recommend you get medical follow-up today. Your complaints of dizziness may indicate progression of your ear infection.
1527520	Hi. I have knee pain after I bend my knee and then extend it, and it also hurts whenever I play sports. Or put to much pressure on it? What do I have?	Needs evaluation Knee pain is tricky especially if you are young and athletic. Although breaking bones can happen usually it is the soft structures like the cartilage, the ligaments, the tendons that can cause pain when bending and extending. I would suggest a face to face exam. Your doctor can then recommend the proper test which may include an X ray or an MRI. Good luck.
6767953	I have a big lump on my rt fore arm I also have a couple of small lumps and even smaller ones in both elbows very painful from shoulders to fingers?	Sounds serious at least potentially. Are these bumps at all tender? Any streaks up the arm? Lumps in armpits? Have you been bitten or scratched by any animal (especially cat) or insect? Any fever? You should see someone to find out what's going on, especially with the pain. It could get worse quickly and you would be in pain and without guidance. Good luck!
389375	What is wrong with my sore throat?  When can I feel better? I have a painful sore throat.  It has lasted 9 days now.  I went to the doctor, and she said that my blood test shows it has a lot of qualities of mono, but is not mono, and it is showing a raise	Prolonged sore throa With a nine day history of a sore throat you could possibly have a retro pharyngeal abscess. You should be seen by an ENT physician. He may want to order x-rays of your upper airway.
697896	Can I use fluticasone propionate nasal spray, fexofenadine hydrochloride & diphenhydramine hydrochloride at the same time?	Yes, but The combination treatment of a topical nasal steroid spray such as fluticasone and a new generation antihistamine such as fexofenadine is a great combination. The use of old antihistamines such as Diphenhydramine (benadryl) is usually not necessary and carries more side effects. If symptoms are not controlled on this regimen seek advice from an allergist for a better plan.
1077327	My throat hurts really bad especially when i swallow, talk, etc... I felt the front of my neck and the right side is swollen and sore. Any ideas?	See a doctor ASAP This could be quite severe, depending upon whether the problem is in the throat or due to infection extending from a dental source into the neck. You should be seen and examined in order to be accurately diagnosed. Don't delay as this may progress rapidly. Good luck.
559313	In both legs , itchy big toe joint in warm water/weather, flaky and dark area around second toe nail bed, cold feet
uric acid:-ve, rf:-ve, esr: 35 1st hr?	Can be fungus. Depending on your work, living environment, other disease hx fungus is a possibility, so also other dermatitis. Clinical exam and KOH stain will clarify.
1210282	Sex three times around ovulation, could i be pregnant? Period due tomorrow, been having cramping, headaches, sore breasts, higher temp yday and today	Doctors Do not Guess Physicians never guess about diagnosing pregnancy. It is also well understood by most that there are no real symptoms of pregnancy until fourteen or so days after conception. The female's body does not even know it has conceived until the fetus has grown big enough to be sharing blood supplies. If your next period does not arrive then it will be time to do a pregnancy test.
1443107	What else besides ALS and fasciculations can cause my tongue to feel twitchy?	Look up BFS Mayo web Though twitching is sometimes a symptom of serious diseases such as spinal injury, muscular dystrophy, Lyme Disease, multiple sclerosis or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), causes like BFS and over-exertion are more common Benign fasciculation syndrome (BFS) is a neurological disorder characterized by fasciculation (twitching) of various voluntary muscles in the body--including tongue
6707830	My tongue lips and mouth feel like they're burning, and I can't really taste anything I eat or drink very well. Any ideas what could cause this?	Burning mouth? Hard to know without examining you and learning more. There is a condition known as burning mouth syndrome. Irritants such as certain (especially spicy) foods, hygiene product (mouthwash? or dental implants can exacerbate) Infection (yeast), autoimmune disorders, vitamin deficiency, hormone changes (greater incidence with menopause) and medication side effects are also suspects.
1582417	2 weeks late, breasts are sore on the sides only, cramping 4 straight days before missed period, 2 negative pregnancy tests. Any idea what it could be	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
1483863	Chest pressure releived by burping. Lot of burping. Weird feeling on throat.  Normal EKG and echo 4 months ago.  Is this most likely my GERD or heart?	Yes it is likely elated to ur stomach,
1529050	Last 20 hours  I have had 3 similar like heart attacks. I have lupus and anxiety attacks. I feel Pain in my chest big stress in my back, what can I do?	ER Please go to ER IMMEDIATELY or call 911
436329	My feet have lots red itchy bumps red raised with pus n sme cnt afford dr visit any suggestions been that way 3 yrs?	Infection Sounds like infection. I would try antibiotics. From what you are describing, i doubt topical would help - you probably need antibiotic pills. So you need to see a doctor. There are probably clinics in your community that are free or accept payment on a sliding scale. Don't know until you ask.
895880	I've got pain in my right arm. It starts at my neck and shoulder,  down my arm into muscles, joints, and into my swollen hand. Stabs, aches. 6mos now.	See below You could have pinched nerve coming off your neck but the swollen hand may be something. Since you pain sounds worse, you may want to see your doctor for further evalaution at this point.
1360558	Heart palpitations every day, but worse at night. Shortness of breath, dizziness, coughing, loss of balance and panic attacks, but normal heart rate?	See a doctor You have to be evaluated by your personal physician. You need physical examination and some tests to rule out possible heart and lung disease.
6690661	Dentist always gives me amoxicillin  when take it get purple burning blisters & swelling of  eyes& mouth?is this  a minor reaction he seem to think so	Call your doctor Amoxicillin may cause a serious allergic reaction or even anaphylaxis. If you have a swelling of the eyelids or around the eyes, face, shortness of breath, trouble with breathing or swallowing call 911.
6612509	I'm three days late experiencing lower abdominal cramps but no period. Got a negative pregnancy test but could i still be pregnant?	Maybe not, but... Today's home pregnancy tests are very accurate, but if done too early, a negative result may be due to testing too soon. A correctly done urine test will give a reliable result 3 weeks after sex (when conception might have happened) or 1 week after missing a period. A woman can repeat the test if she did the first test too early, such as less than two weeks after conception.
665973	Swelling of lymph nodes under the arm is a symptom of breast cancer? Are the swollen lymph nodes supposed to be pain-free?	Can be Usually a breast mass would be felt by the time breast cancer has spread to enlarged lymph nodes that can be felt under the arm. Usually the lymph nodes are painless. Any physical change you are feeling should be evaluated with a doctor and likely a mammogram. Many things including infections and cancers can cause enlarged lymph nodes.
6729520	I missed my period for 34 days.I did pregnancy test four times & results showed negative.I am 48 yrs old, sexually active. Am i pregnant or menopaused?	Possibly Oh for information only at age 48 missing. Can be pregnancy your menopausal recommend checking pregnancy test on him once a week to your next.menses
665979	Which treatment is out there for small brain tumors that come from breast cancer?	Radiation therapy When tumors from breast cancer go to the brain, this is metastatic disease to the brain. Options for treatment depend on the size and number and location. Surgery is an option if the brain tumor is solitary and >2-3 cm in size. If the tumors are small (radiosurgery (gamma knife, cyberknife). If there are more than 4-5 tumors, whole brain radiotherapy is used.
1159554	What does "no frank aneurysm formation is appreciated." on mri/mra brain without/with contrast report means? What does above word "frank" mean?	Visible. It just means there is no obvious aneurysm.
1151768	Our son age 6 has insomnia, takes avg 2 hrs to fall asleep. Takes 5mg melatonin & 1mg guanfacine. Very restless and can't calm himself even if tired. ?	Help him get to slee First address sleep hygiene issues, making sure he gets in bed with lights down, television, cell phone and radio off. Additionally try some warm mild before bed (loaded with serotonin that will promote sleep. If he snores loudly, he may need a sleep study and his tonsils/adenoids evaluated. He sounds like the typical adhd boy, and the melatonin can go to 3 mg/night. However i'd keep tenex.
6633243	Thoroughly investigated heart- sinus tachycardia sometimes and frequent Benign PVCs. Can I take Azithromycin. On 60mg diltiazem ONCE a day. ?	Sure sure
1595987	I am trying to heal from gastritis. Sometimes I feel really anxious and dizzy. Is it possible that this could be from low blood sugar? Lost 15 pounds	Yes, possibly. You need to see your PCP to rule out whether it is due to hypoglycemia, or thyroid problems or even anemia caused by your gastritis. Not knowing makes you anxious also.
6715556	I have SIBO accompanied by a horrible fecal like breath. I'm sorry to be so blunt but I am desperate. I've tried everything from anti/ pro- biotics. I also have had surgery to repair a hiatal hernia that I had due to excessive acid prod. I also had a bari	You may Need prolonged courses of antibiotics, rotating antibiotics, or repeat courses. There are a multitude of options. My favorite is rifaximin, but neomycin, augmentin, metronidazole are all alternatives. Then in between you might try VSL3.
371124	Is it common to have pain years after knee surgery? I was born "knock-kneed" and as a child had my knees and legs "reset" in an attempt to correct this. Now as an adult, my legs and knees ache tremendously especially with a drop in barometric pressure or	Based Based on your description alone, it is difficult to say. The first thing to consider is that you may have arthritis of your knees, which is the degeneration of the cartilage surfaces of the femur and tibia where they meet in the knee. Arthritis is caused by normal wear and tear on the joint, but can be accelerated by abnormal alignment joint and limb. "knock-kneed" is also called a valgus malalignment, whereas bowlegged would be a varus malalignment. Children will often grow out of many types of leg malalignment on their own. You also mention that your legs were "reset". Perhaps this means that your malalignment was significant and required treatment, and that some of that malalignment has persisted throughout your lifetime. The alignment of your joint and condition of the joint surfaces can easily be determined by simple x-rays of your legs. I recommend you go see an orthopaedist who can examine you and help you better understand why your knees are hurting you.
338990	Burning pain right side moving into lower back.Had CT scan for kidney stones, negative.I had a UTI , had antibiotics for it.I  have anxiety  and ibs.?	Maybe Without other symptoms, cannot even try to offer a reasonable diagnosis; but other options, diverticulitis, retrocecal appendicitis, pelvic or other bowel inflammatory disease, and interstitial cystitis come quickly to mind. A careful abdominal and pelvic exam with a CBC and perhaps some other common tests will help to diagnose this.
1275059	Been on Depo-Provera almost 6 months have cramping cravings nausea fatigue headaches back pain could i b pregnant also spotted & inlaw miscarried 2day on depo?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. Spotting on depo is normal. The pain can be evaluated by an obgyn.
1237105	I m in Zoloft 50mg and cymbalta 30mg and trazadon 25mg i stop cymbalta and i take trazadon 50mg but i could not sleep what could bi the reason?	Not sure Maybe because you thought the Cymbalta helped with sleep. It is not a sleeping drug. It is for moods. Maybe it is time to have your trazadone increased, as that medicine is often used for sleeping and you are on a low dose. Fall to your prescribing doctor and don't worry!
895084	How long should a PMS last? I feel cramps on my lower back, some headaches and breast soreness 2 weeks before my period due. Is that normal? Cycle 32d	One week Estrogen which sits on serotonin the happy juice receptor fluctuates along with other female nt the amazing studies are proving that all hormones are actual neurochemicals especially testosterone and estrogen which create mood problems around cycles both in males and females. Lucky us even gut juices are now considered to be brain chemicals so when we said we had gut feeling , we are right
342223	My infected tooth is causing me to have severe eye pain and dizziness, what should I do?	See dentist Do not write to an on-line source. We cannot treat you with magic. You must go to the dentist. You infected tooth must be treated. Do not delay.
1409562	Tingling on right side of head that hurts, but not like headache.  Had numb arms several days ago.  Legs also feel funny?	Go to your doctor ASAP. These are not normal findings, and if you've had them for some time, it really needs to be evaluated by a physician, who can do a physical exam, run some lab tests, and also discuss your history in more detail, and recommend a plan. You may need to see a neurologist based on your findings. Good luck!
1152158	My wisdom teeth are developing in my nasel cavity, how are they going to remove them?	Third Molar erupting A nasal presentation of erupting 3rd molars is very uncommon. An oral surgeon is best suited to manage this complication. It will be probably be done in a hospital type setting with you asleep.
1142157	I have 1. Grade 2 spondylolisthesis of L5 over l1. 2. Mild unequal leg length 3. Deviation of nose and have a bit of facial asymmetry. Would these be interrelated? Would this cause muscle pain in luq?	Doubtful The spinal problem could contribute to unequal leg length but there is no connection with nose deviation, facial asymmetry or luq abdominal or muscular pain as far as i can see.
1555172	Gradual onset of vertigo over 5 weeks now, tinnitus on both ears, no nausea, no neurological issues, neck pain for 4 years, mild headaches on back?	Tinnitus+vertigo Needs evaluation by ENT. Numerous possible causes, some minor, some serious. Thanks for trusting HealthTap!
719627	My boyfriend has a reddish rash around the underside of the head of his penis. It is red and itchy and sometimes has a whitish discharge?	Needs check-up He needs to see his doctor, and both of you may need treatment. That's why you don't have unprotected sex.
6787608	I have symptms of bloating nausea nd cramps nd acheing breast not to achey tho i jus went and gt a pap nd the dr never said i was pregnant nd i missed?	Do pg test! If you have had unprotected sex, check a home pg test, & follow the instructions exactly and make sure the kit has-nt expired. An pelvic exam cannot detect pregnancy in the early stages. If it's negative, repeat in 1 week. If still negative, wait and see if your next period is normal, if it is not, see a doc and find out what is going on. Good luck!
1559849	What causes numbness and tingling in my arm that spreads through my shouldet to my head?	NONSPECIFIC Possible problem in brachial plexus over shoulder, perhaps nerve compression within neck, or even referred symptoms from problems at elbow or wrist. Have your doctor examine limb and develop a plan to investigate this.
6647027	Had strep throat Jan. 20- Feb 1 and now I feel like it is back. It has only been my right lymph node swollen. Do I need to get my tonsils out?	Tonsillectomy guide Generally you need to have 4 strep infections in 6 months or 6 strep infections in 1 yr in order for it to be indicated to have tonsillectomy regarding to strep. If you have peritonsilar abscess that can also be an indication for tonsilectomy
1506238	I have lumps bottom of my feet that come and go they itch hurt to walk on and are hard  feels like walking on something this just recently happened?	Warts? You could be developing plantar warts. I would see a podiatrist.
6654587	Does ovarian cyst make it harder to get pregnant? i got them after miscarriage i never had them before then and my ob said theyre small and not growin	Depends on cyst What it is, why its there, and how long it's been there. Ovarian cysts are very rarely (if ever) connected with miscarriage, and miscarriage does not cause a woman to get cysts. Small cyclic ovarian cysts (follicles) are common and normal in women who cycle: your doctor can explain further if you are interested. Good wishes.
6791297	Can a sinus infection cause nose bleed? How come my symptoms such as hoarseness, sore throat, runny nose, and nasal congestion only getting worse?	Sinuses &amp; Epistaxis. The inflammation caused by sinus infection, along with the pure violence of constantly blowing your nose, can lead to nosebleeds in the context of a sinus infection That being said, sinus infections tend to be bacterial, so you may be getting worse because you need an antibiotic.
1506236	Pricking pain after eating. Only left lower abdomen. Bloating. Nausea. Do I have ovarian cyst? I have had before. Don't wanna have surgery again..	Need more info Food and Eating are not related to Ovarian Cyst itself. Bloating, Nausea and pain after eating sounds like a stomach or colon problem. Please check your diet. Maybe, you are eating something that does not suit you. Also, eat small amounts, chew well and drink lots of water. If persistent, see a doctor.
6771386	How can I tell reflux pain from a heart attack pain. Little chest pain for a month. NOTE: I do eat & lay down & I have anxiety but no attack lately.	Heart unlikely Please see your health care provider to assess but the history goes against it being a heart issue.
543091	Sever swelling of abdomen legs ankles severe headache  alcoholic and high blood pressure what's wrong?	Alcohol!! It is well known that alcoholism will result in vitamin b1 deficiency. However, don't get the idea it is that simple. You need self discipline to clean up your diet.
1153405	For a whole week, had the cycle of developing a migraine in my eyes and back of head by late afternoon every day. Any suggestions to help break cycle?	IV infusion In some cases the patient is experiencing an intractable migraine or headache that don't respond to any of oral medication. To brake a cycle the best options for intractable migraines is IV infusion therapy. It could be magnesium dhe 45 etc. Please visit an er for this type of treatment. Rec.: consultation with headache or orofacial pain specialist for preventive treatment.
553148	I take 20 celexa and pristque 50 per day.  They don't seem to help the depression or anxiety. My dr not being helpful, just to see a therapist.What to?	2nd opinion Get a 2nd opinion.
724042	What would lower back, stomach, and pelvic pain, nausea after eating, hands, legs and feet numbness, episodes of hands shaking, severe loss of hair and incontinence be caused by? Stress or probiotics?	Not typical You have several symptoms and signs that are not necessarily related, but i don't see how probiotics would be the cause. I'm not sure a 24 y old needs to take a probiotic on a regular basis. You need a thorough evaluation by your doctor, including a nutritional assessment. I suspect some lifestyle adjustments are in store for you. Good luck.
554495	How do you know when you've torn your ACL or you just have a twisted knee?	Acl Immediate swelling loss of motion and pain are indications that u injured yr knee. An exam by an orthopedist would best answer this. Instability or mechanical symptoms such as locking or catching in the knee are signs of potentially injury to the knee.
6783318	Can reproductive disease cause pain during urination when other causes have been ruled out? (infection,trauma,interstital cystitis, std, etc)	What disease? What does reproductive disease mean??
6688383	I got a migraine then my eye swelled shut and now my nose is swollen also what can it be been in and out of ers and seen eye drs and drs ?	See your PCP Migraine is a complex disorder and in order to receive proper treatment for migraine, a correct diagnosis must be made. See your PCP for consultation and migraine management.
1251517	Period feb14-2014 2wks ltr i strd bld brown blood it's now mrch4 still no period. I have constipation, mild cramping, breast tender & nausea/headache?	Common problem Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
552894	Hi I have an uncomfortable feeling within my penis it's not burning when i pee and also I do not have to pee often, I do not have STD or uti?	See below You have symptoms which could be serious and should see your physician. He/she will listen to you, do a physical examinarion, run some tests, and let you know what's going on.
6750893	Is it possible to get a yeast infection if you've had a vagina one, and may have touched your eyes without thinking to wash hands after applying medication? I can't decide if severe random allergies or eye infection. No puss. Just red and extremely itchy.	Unlikely You likely have allergic conjunctivitis especially if you have nasal symptoms as well and the symptoms are seasonal in nature. Try antihistamine eye drop. If not helpful, consider an allergy consult.
569237	Miscarried 29 days ago last month today is 9and i startdd bleeding blood clots bad cramps am i miscarring r is this the beginning of my new cycle?	Can't say for sure Sorry, might be a new miscarriage, or departure of some residual clot from prior, or just a slightly heavier than usual regular period. As long as not too long / too much / too painful, see how next cycle goes.
508965	Grape sized bone like lump underneath left ear behind jaw bone.  Its been there for aprox 2.5 years...  No palpable symptoms?	Get it checked Sounds like this could be a tumor in a salivary gland called the parotid.
516860	In n.China- cough for weeks, then sudden fever- fever passes overnight- horrible headache, bad cough, sore throat, yellow phlegm.    Should i b worrie?	As above My advise is to see u pcp for evaluation and work up.
1161038	Everyday new surprise..Rheum appt fri, today swollen hands, face, sore under jaw 1 side, no teeth left where sore, zpak a week ago.Just lymph nodes?	Swollen By rheum i believe you mean rheumatoid arthritis and if so that is an autoimmune disease and can cause swollen joints, hands , face. See the rheum specialist on friday and let us know how it goes.
676908	Having wooshing? Sound in ear like i can hear my heart beat for about a year.Dr keeps saying ear infection but not going away&ha some bad can't do muc	Sinusitis I think you have chronic sinusitis and sinus congestion -- you may want to see ear nose and throat ENT specialist for proper evaluation.
620307	Hi there i suffer with high blood pressure and i notice when ever i scratch my arms it get swollen and red and very itchy.. What is the cause?	Not sure But unrelated to your htn.
538232	I have very thick callus skin on either sides of my big toenails. They don't itch and are not painful. What could it be and how do I get rid of it?	Callus Could just be simple callus which can be addressed by having it shaved down by a podiatrist. Also possible that it is a problem with the toenail such as a fungal infection of the nail. Could also be from the nail growing into the corners causing irritation which can lead to callus formation.
1409177	Hi! My dad has burning sensation in his chest, lower abdominal pain and pain in his right side which goes to back. There's nothing wrong wit his heart?	I do not know Your dad needs to get evaluated to determine what his likely cause is of his pains. Are you asking if there is nothing wrong with his heart or do has he been worked up for heart disease already,...because that is the most important issue at hand. Best wishes.
568945	I have fluid in my left fallopian tube but my right is healthy. Had a missed miscarriage that's how they saw it? Will i conceive  ok? Does fluid stay	Can affect it Having a hydrosalpinx can lower the chances of conceiving even if the other tube is normal. But having one makes it also likely that the other tube may have some damage as well.
954008	Can knee surgery cause swollen foot?	Knee surgery Yep ! see that a lot - especially when no compression therapy is used post knee surgery . Sometimes that compression therapy needs to extend to the foot
384392	Please help if a doctor says something about your spleen having a chance to enlarge or having mono and says to come back in a week could it to late like ding or something before then	When When a person has mono the spleen tends to enlarge. For this reason doctors tell their patients to take it easy and not play sports because there is a chance the spleen could rupture; this typically happens if you sustain a hard blow to the abdomen or fall. Once the mono resolves the spleen starts to go back to it's regular size. You should be fine as long as you take it easy. If you develop abdominal pain, nausea, or vomiting seek medical attention right away. Good luck.
94920	How do I soften the calluses on my feet?	Calluses You may soak your feet in luke warm water with a couple of scoops of epsom salt - itcan help soften your feet.
1121529	Can ibuprofen help reduce (low grade 99.5) fever? No tylenol in.My medicine cabinet @a this time.	Yes Ibuprophen is a very effective fever reducer as well. As pain reliever. Take 2 or 3 200mg tablets or capsules.
1445331	Im on Zoloft 50mg Risperdal 0.25mg Buspar 30mg I fell 2 match medication if I augment Zoloft to75mg can replaced Buspar and ativan can I stop them?	Depression Do not adjust your medication. It sounds like you are being treated for both depression and an anxiety disorder. Your doctor will determine the best regimen for optimally treating your conditions. Discuss with your doctor.
1432130	I have a problem with my feet I have fissures, itching, calluses it's painful to walk on. What can I do what could it be?	Dry or fungal You could have dry skin which leads to fissures and pain especially in the heels. In addition, "athletes foot" which is easily treated with over the counter creams can cause flaking, dry, itchy skin. Determine if you have fungal infection by seeing MD or podiatrist. If that is treated, then you can treat dry skin with occlusion at night and creams.
1460694	Gassy and bloated and Brest fuller and lower abdominal pain n uterus kinda of movement every day Its feel preg.tested neg.period ended 3-4 days early.	Pregnant no! Sounds like a gastrointestinal issue or perhaps the start of a gynecological problem.Make an appointment to see your doctor.
1481160	I just had an angio pulmonary cat scan with contrast to rule out a pulmonary embolism. Can that detect lung cancer? Chest xray normal. 42 years old.	Yes This type of Chest scan is primarily focused on the pulmonary artery and vasculature which is why you received the contrast. However, it is still a Chest CT and it takes a good look and the lung tissue too. It would see your lung tumor if it were there.
930585	What are these red bumps on my chest? It started from the chest and now I have them on my back and arms. It is also a bit itchy.	Contact dermatitis Without seeing your rash, you're at the mercy of guess. It sounds some sort of allergic dermatitis like contact one. If able to identify the offending agent, make sure to do your best to avoid further contact with it. Otherwise, try Benadryl at night, avoid hot water, scrubbing your body with a sponge or scrub and drying soaps - which will make it worse. If the rash is worse, see doc.
1012385	Lower abdominal discomfort, ultra/ct scans, bloodwork, esr, pst, colonoscopy, celiac hla typing, celiac panel all normal. Can it be ativan withdrawal?	It is nonspecific sy Your symptoms are not anything serious to justify anymore testing, as you already have done a lot. I would hold off any further interventions and eat and live normally. Begin to exercise daily would help to get your mind of this vague symptom of abdominal discomfort.
6726589	Hi sir, I masturbate regularly and I lost my hair how to control hair loss and dht level in scalp?	Masturbate 1: Stop it! 2: See a psychologist to explain why you are masturbating regularly. 3: See a Dermatologist about your hair loss!
6726588	Can lymph node infection in left back of the head lead to severe pain in dat whole side of head n numbness on dat side of head eye neck n arm????	Left sided headache Lymph node infection may be either primarily in the lymphnode or may be secondary enlargement from the nearby structures. Based on the severity and the structures involved the symptoms described is possible, but have it checked out for underlying ear infection, mastoid infection etc, it could be migraine too.
6730056	Painful bump on leg just below the knee? Hurts to use stairs, squat, kneel. I have an unspecified connective tissue disorder, am overweight.	Nodule this nodule could be part of your connective tissue disease. Sometimes we see this with erythema nodosum. There also may be other diagnoses that we need to consider. You need to discuss this with your physician to see if that may be the explanation.
1016608	Sudden loss of hair, one single spot, red skin in the area, size of a coin. Located top of the head. What could it be?	Alopecia areata Complete hair loss in spots. Can be in multiple spots. Usually related to stress and temporary.
6739547	Sore breast and my periods were suppose to come yesterday... white discharge, unprotected sex yesterday morning ..can I be pregnant?	Could be The fact that your period is 1 day late could be due to the normal variation in cycle length and breast tenderness is common before your period due to hormonal levels but any time you are having unprotected intercourse you could be pregnant. Conception the day your period was due is unlikely. It will be 2 weeks before you can be sure a pregnancy test will be accurate for conception yesterday.
238490	Will a ultrasound detect cirrhosis? The us said I have mild fatty liver with borderline heptomegly. My enzymes are good . Iron is a bit low	Not ideal Although radiographic findings, such as from ultrasound, can sometimes suggest the presence of cirrhosis, they are not adequately sensitive or specific for use as a primary diagnostic modality. The major utility of radiography in the evaluation of patients with cirrhosis is in detection of complications, such as ascites, hepatocellular carcinoma, and hepatic or portal vein thrombosis.
6726583	Are benzos (xanax, ativan, etc) still as effective 2 years after the Rx was filled?  It says it has "expired" but chemically I cannot see how or why	Call your Pharmacist The direct answer is to call your pharmacist and ask about the expire date and the loss of effectiveness of the medication. Medications expire just like other products we buy with expiration dates. Are you likely to throw out milk that has expired? You may not because it still taste fine. With medication dates it is the last guaranteed date that the medicine meets standards for effectiveness.
6625993	Hi dr im 22 year old unmarried girl and i have pain in my both breast before period  and goes aftr period is it normal or any symptom of breast cancer im very worried abut that plz repl me plz?	Breast pain this is normal do not worry
992960	I have type 2 diabetes and have prptien in my urine and have been put on a high blood pressure medication for this.  What does protein in urine mean?	Kidney Damage Presence of protein in urine is a sign of kidney damage caused by diabetes. It is called diabetic nephropathy. The higher the protein level in urine the worse the damage. Protein level less than 300 mg can be managed by your primary care physician. Higher levels usually require care of a nephrologist.
6756190	Tested for Chlamydia and gonorrhea using urine test at doctors. NEGATIVE. but I don't remember if I waited 2 hours since last void before test. Issue?	Usually not Time will tell. Are you symptomatic with pelvic pain? If in doubt about the test, re-do it.
1501951	Heart IS fine. But chest pain (sharp), jaw pain (dull), headaches and very specific pain in left shoulder tip, elbow and pinky and ring finger. Why?!	Cervical spine? The distribution of pain in the shoulder, elbow, and 4th and 5th fingers follows a dermatome: the distribution of a nerve root that originates in your neck. A herniated cervical disk (in your age group, usually due to trauma) is the most likely cause but there are rare causes too. Was your MRI of your neck?
1390720	I have sudden increased urination which is worse at night,  nausea and dizziness,   extreme tiredness but find it hard to sleep. I am 21 amd female.	Not normal!!! Increased urination, dizziness, nausea, and fatigue are all potential symptoms of DIABETES. .. Please see your Dr. ASAP! Please!!
272119	Had sharp abdominal pain, dr's took tests & said ruptured ovarian cyst. 2wks later, still pain (but dull), nausea, bloat. Cancer, or normal progress?	See Doctor again! See your doctor again for further tests! unable to say if this is "normal"!
1261724	Cloudy urine, no bacteria, no stones their checking for cysts next week. Pain in one testicle, is it likely I have bladder cancer at 27?	No These are not symptoms of bladder cancer. It is also very uncommon in your age group.
1496533	Dr. could hear a murmur- did EKG showed shortened pr interval, echo showed trace mitral, tricuspid & pulmonic insuffiency everything else normal?	Echo unremarkable Trace insufficiency is common and typically is an incidental finding. If you are not symptomatic then I would not be concerned. The short PR can be normal, and also is typically not an issue unless you are having fast heart rates or the ECG showed risk for a fast heart rate.
1481350	My left eye started out red in the corner and it has now covered the whole white area.  My head hurts. Could this be related to past brain hemorrhage?	No It sounds like a subconjunctival hemorrhage which is harmless and would not be caused by a brain hemorrhage
6681496	Frequent coughing. Coughing up yellow/green mucus. Sore throat. Lightheaded/dizzy. Frequent urination. Runny nose. What could cause this?	Infection You have symptoms of infection. Treat with rest, fluids and Tylenol. If you are not better, be assessed by your doctor. I hope you feel better soon.
764105	How do I prevent kidney stones. This is my second one. Thought i passed it at the hospital and was discharged but now having more pain.	Diet, drink a lot,,, Likely your best chance to prevent kidney stones is a more careful diet with better quality meats, and more drinking of fluids, especially water. Fluids dilute whatever is in the urine and better meat would mean good protein that is less concentrated, like steak instead of organ meats like kidney. Fruits and vegetables should also help move bowels so there is less excreted in urine.
1274261	Why do I keep getting bladder and kidney infections? I'm not having sex. There is blood and pus in my urine. Been 2 doc they have on clue 2 wats wrong	Hygiene This is about your personal hygiene habits. That would be the most common reason for this problem. Wiping the anus after a bowel moment away from the urethra; bathing regularly; wearing clothes once and only after washing them.
347086	Is it my gallbladder?Liver function normal awaiting scan but constant sharp abdomine pain right side worse when i breath in or walk? Don't have spasms	Maybe Gallbladder is on the list but so is pleurisy. Or even a muscular cause is possible.
1209917	Intense lower abdominal pain/vomiting/nausea/no fever/cant sleep or eat/worsens while caughing, walking, laying, sneezing/gas/bloated feeling. Help?	Go to the ER If you are having severe abdominal pain you need to be seen right away. Your symptoms suggest peritoneal irritation which can be caused by a number of things, appendicitis is one. Could be related to ovaries... Hard to know without an exam and proper testing. Get seen immediately.
1357910	Layed on stomach,R rib hurts (stabbing pain),with R flank pain + lwr R abdomen, nausea,vomiting,decreased appetite.Cant sleep.Feeling really ill.Help?	Rib/flank pain Go see a doctor for evaluation, preferably an osteopath who could do manipulation, if needed.
319523	When is an unfinished root canal ready for filling? My tooth/jaw pain has subsided, but lymph nodes still swollen, ok to finish?	When it's clean After the canal is thoroughly disinfected and shaped, it's ready for filling. The body's response to the completed root canal may take awhile so it's possible the lymph node resolution you are looking for may be delayed. If there are still symptoms a month after completing the procedure there may be some other treatment required.After completion, as long as the trend is improving, be patient.
66074	It has been roughly a month since my wisdom teeth wereremoved. I am now having swelling, tenderness, and heat in my jaw area. Is it possible that my bone is infected?	Yes A dry socket is not likely at i month after wisdom tooth removal. But, you may have lodged a piece of food such as popcorn, cracker, chips etc in the socket (empty area where the tooth used to be). You need to see your dentist as soon as possible.
6758843	My period ended over a week ago, but I've continued to discharge a brown fluid up in till now... On yaz for 5 years. Haven't been sexually active lately, and haven't missed a pill. What should I do? Should I be concerned?	BCP and discharge First get a serum HCG test for pregnancy. If negative, taking low dose oral contraceptives like "Yaz" can cause breakthrough bleeding if not taking the pill at the same time every night. Stop the pill and wait for five days, and begin a new cycle. Take them within the hour of the time taken the day before. If the brown discharge reappears, switch to another type of low dose pill .
1499733	My menstrual cycle is 40 days and I have never had spotting. Now spotting 10 days before period due what could it be? I'm sexually active.	Irregular bleeding Spotting is one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
770198	In the past few months I have had pregnancy symptoms( late periods, tender breasts, fatigue, backache, bloating, acne, dizziness) hpt always neg. What can be the cause? We are trying to conceive.	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
319529	I broke two toes a month ago, didn't break skin open though. Could it still be a cause of swollen groin lymph nodes?	Not likely I do not believe the swelling is due to the fractured toes. You need to have checked asap.
303035	Will i be able to conceive after surgery to remove polyups in my uterus and remove endometriosis from the ends of my tubes?	Odds will improve While there is never a guarantee about whether anyone will conceive, polyps and endometriosis can certainly decrease your odds of conceiving. Removing them should increase your chances.
1604403	How safe is it to Take FISH OIL Capsules or Pills for my skin Since i take Iron pills also?
I have Uterine Fibroids which make me Bleed Like Tap water	Safe No problem
195919	Me: swollen tonsils for the last few months - they wax and wane with severity. What are possible causes? Allergy? Chlamydia in my throat (no joke)?	Either Viral infections, allergies, post-nasal drip, chlamydia, recurrent strep, even gonorrhea are all possible causes. You shoulkd get it checked aout and possible cultured/tested.
6734562	What Is The General Dosage For Hydroxyzine HCL 50 MG For Anxiety.	Personal this drug is prescribed to a patient in person with a customized dose for a specific indication and shouldn't be shared, instructions are written on the box
1406317	Y would inside of jaw hurt out nowhere feel sore near left back all wisdom teeth pulled yrs ago feel sore when swallow on that side on levaquin 5 days?	Tonsilitis Hard to dx without doing an exam. It could be tonsillitis
1330451	Body aches horrible headache nausea no energy hurts to even took myself everything is sore!  Sharp headache ear ache and dizzy vertigo?  Any ideas?	See a neurologist Possible fibromyalgia. Neurologist can provide symptomatic relief.
6755941	My sinuses keep getting swollen and give me pain (like a sinus headache). Nasal spray didn't work. Should I get a humidifier? What should I do?	Mgt/workup Humidified air may help your symptoms. A further investigation of the underlying cause may include allergy testing and a CF sweat test.
1358792	Can splinter cause penile cancer? saw urologist who said he didn't feel anything. not sure how long had two spots like moles. is it cancer? some red.	No cancer Trauma to or splinter penetrating penis cant induce cancer. In this instance, cancer is induced by viral transformation of cells secondary to the HPV vius which resides in the mucosal lining of the foreskin and can induce cancer or transmit cancer to a sexual partner in the form of cervix cancer. Spots may be hemangioma or nevus secondary to trauma.
1106299	Left knee for over 4 years now. Doctor diagnosed me with chondromalacia patellae, what to do?	Therapy Chondromalacia patella (runners knee) is due to overload of the patellofemoral joint (knee cap against the end of the thigh bone). Running caused high forces in this portion of the joint. So does arising from a chair, going up/down stairs. Treatment consists of activity modification, ice, anti-inflammatory meds and therapy aimed at flexibility and strengthening, especially of your core.
1398110	What does it mean when period comes end ,middle, beginning of month and severe pain and cramps during the cycle and bleeding and blood clots comes out?	Need for evaluation What you described is not a normal pattern even though it does fit a particular diagnosis. At a minimum you need to be evaluated for anemia due to blood loss and be examined for the cause of irregular bleeding. Please consult your gynecologist.
228623	If I have very high levels of alkaline phosphatase, ast, alt, total bilirubin, what does it mean?	Liver enzymes May have underlying serious liver problem.Cirrhosis of liver, chronic alcoholism, hepatitis a, b, or c, primary biliary cirrhosis, congenital liver disorders , obstructive jaundice etc. Gi specialist might be able to help you.
328928	Miscarriage at 4 weeks do I need a rhogam shot, i had one shot june1, had a misscarriage at 9 weeks, do I need one now again?	See below Most people will receive a Rhogam injection at the time of the miscarriage.
6667355	I have itching and skin peeling off little and adjacent toe of left foot for 2 weeks. It itches mostly at night time. Skin peeling b/w left & adj. toe?	Athletes foot Athletes foot is a fungal infection. What you described could be a fungus, an allergic reaction or dermatitis. See podiatrist or dermatologist for diagnosis and treatment.
1231968	Sometimes i get red itchy bumps on my elbows only. Only last a week at the most then goes away. What is this?	See doctor Could be eczema, contact dermatitis, . .... A doctor would need to examine you when you have the rash, .
393650	I have a 17 yr old boy that has had ablation for SVT 2 years ago.  Is it possible that it did not take?  He is having fluutering shortness of breath, chest pains high blood pressure,  fast heart rate.	It It is possible that one can have recurrent problems after an ablation. Best to see a cardiologist who specializes in electrophysiology. He would be able to arrange monitoring which will capture any episodes of rapid heart rhythms, so that appropriate treatment can be undertaken.
1394119	Neurologists plz help. Fecal incontinence while asleep, vomiting while asleep, dizziness, headache, eye pain/pressure, fatigue, diarrhea, confusion?	If all while asleep You should have mediate eval. Go to ER
1576133	I have hand herpes.  No open sores (went from burning-2 days, tingling/itchy-2 days, nothing-2 days, to barely visible sores which feel like pins/needles and burning sensation.  Today is day 9 and already feeling better, and sores are less visible with le	What is your Question?
1501233	My arm and hand is very sore. Veins show in hand and arm now i have a few very small red dots on my arm and left side of  swollen forearm?	ER/UC I suggest evaluation at an urgent care clinic or ER. Impossible to diagnoses without photo documentation.
6691205	I had tonsillitis two months ago. My first zpack seemed to clear things up quickly but my symptoms returned about two weeks later. After waiting it out another week, I was put on a second zpack which took care of the sore throat but not the swollen tonsil	Recurrent tonsilitis Could bereflux or recurrent infections. Could try prevecid/ and ranitidine for reflux, elevate head of bed , Avoid caffeine ,smoking alcohol, sodas energy drinks Would see ENT to diagnosis reflux or need for taking the tonsils out due to recurrent infections - sometimes the bacteria get into the crypts and can't be elminated. or may have abscess/ or need clindamycin
6701996	I have a burning sensation in the left side of my head and tingling sensation in left cheek. also had Bell's palsy a couple years  ago. Diagnosis?	Shingles? Keep an eye out for areas of redness and small blisters. If this starts to occur in the areas that you're having those sensations, you may be dealing with shingles. This can be a serious condition if it comes near your eye, so be sure to see your doctor immediately if it starts to happen. Good luck and get better soon!
1230562	I have a burning throat with mucus, mild earache and a feeling of tightness in throat. It's allergy season but the itchy eyes/sneezes are gone now.	Viral? This is most likely from a viral infection. If this problem persists >10 days or worsens, you need to see a doctor.
585006	I've missed my Depo-Provera shot in dec. Had unprotected sex in january, and still haven't had a period could i be pregnant?	Yes. Check a urine pregnancy test if your period is more than 1 day late (90% sensitive) or more than 1 week late (>99% sensitive). Take Folic Acid 1-5 mg daily and see your gynecologist for contraception and prenatal care as needed. Best of luck!
1431002	What does it mean if a doctor tightened my ACL and scraped out alot of ruff tissue in my knee during an arthroscopy and bone softening? side effects?	Post surgical pain This sounds like a simple arthroscopy with debridement. The tightening of the ACL a little more involved and not as common. The usual side effects are common post surgical problems. Pain, swelling, possible decreased range of motion. These should pass and resolve thoroughly with proper care and physical therapy.
485430	5 yr old vomiting, headache, back ache, neck ache, sore throat, with no fever? Stopped vomiting 78 hours then started vomiting again.	Have her checked She could have a viral infection. Prolonged vomiting, however, results in dehydration and electrolyte imbalance.
229938	For about a week now, my lips have been swollen and itchy. I have used benedryl and other allergy medications. My lips now are raw and still itchy.?	See an allergist This condition, known as angioedema, is potentially allergic in nature. It can be caused by a variety of things - foods, medication, topical medicines, environmental allergy, stress, infections, and even autoimmune disease. You did the right thing in taking benedryl, but you will need something else to reduce the swelling.
1229648	I drank 8 litres of water in 1 hour i vomited twice day after I have a continual heahache at he back oh head till now for a week .Ct scan is normal?	Why Are you drinking that much water? Ct will most likely be normal in the setting of water intoxication and will miss mild cerebral edema. See your doctor for continuing headaches and an understanding of your water consumption issues.
6627225	She has been vomiting throughout the day but heavily the past 4hr. Now diarrhea discharge & light bleeding dizzy lower back & stomach pain. Hospital?	Gastroenteritis This is often viral and self-limited, but some patients are unable to maintain adequate hydration or have developed complications. Without seeing the patient it is very difficult to offer sound advice, but would always err on the side of patient safety. If you have such a question it sounds as if seeing a doctor would be a good idea.
6627227	She has been vomiting throughout the day but heavily the past 4hr. Now diarrhea discharge & light bleeding dizzy lower back & stomach pain. Hospital?	YES, RIGHT AWAY! persistent vomiting with subsequent bleeding can be an emergency. Dizziness can suggest dehydration or blood loss. It sounds like this person is sick and needs to be evaluated ASAP
6793563	I had an ultra sound that showed 4 stones 2 in each kidney all small enough to pass,3mm & 5mm. Later CT scan shows nothing. I did not find a stone while straining the urine. After CT scan (that night) I had excruciating pain in lower abdomen, that was 2 d	If the CT was performed with a specific protocol to assess for kidney stones, it is probably more accurate than the ultrasound. Other entities in the kidneys can mimic small stones on ultrasound, such as blood vessels and small fat deposits.
389144	My eye when i wake up in the morning has yellow crust on my upper eyelid and the side of my left eye is red and sore i thought it was pink eye and i asked my school nurse and she said it wasn't help me please thank you	Crusting Crusting is a sign that your eye is trying to heal. It can be from an infection, debris or allergan in the eye. It is not possible to diagnose without a slit lamp (microscope used by an eye doctor). If it continues, you should be evaluated by an ophthalmologist.
6651118	My knee was swollen and hyperextending a bit as I walked causing pain. Had exray and MRI doc told me sever arthritis. Should I get 2nd opinion?	Knee Swell &amp; Pain Did your medical provider review your x-ray and MRI knee images with you? Because of the diagnosis of severe arthritis, did they feel that surgery was your only option? Getting a 2nd opinion would be in order if surgery was noted to be the only option. Exhaust conservative measure first like topical gels (diclofenac); patches (lidocaine; diclofenac); oral non -narcotics, acupuncture, PT, etc.
1444261	Can a HSV outbreak last for 3 month? I have itchy burning bumps around mouth that seem to have spread to the nose, cheeks and neck. But Dr says acne.	Weeks not months This is unlikely to be herpes. HSV outbreaks typically last for weeks, not months.
1602925	32 weeks had the flu shot but came down with cough runny nose lowfever chills and muscle aches more over my abdomen. shud i take tamiflu very nervous?	Do you have diagnosi Have you had a positive flu test? Tamiflu is a prescription, the doctor will not give you tamiflu unless he/she knows you have the flu
6643825	Is it normal to feel nauseated, fatigued and have sore breast during a period? Could I be pregnant?  Also my stomach makes noise normal?	If a female is having her period then she is not pregnancy at that time. Nausea, fatigue and sore breasts are not uncommon in the premenstrual time frame or during the menstrual period. Abdominal sounds may be related to movement of gases and liquids in the GI tract.
1272053	I have swollen glands, a sore throat with difficulty swallowing and mucus running down back of throat. When i've cleared mucus it's yellow /brown?	Mucous This will vary in color depending upon the source of the inflammatory secretions, the duration and site from which they are being coughed up, and so on.
1603386	Why do doctors ask for both mammogram and ultra sound for the breast?	Mammo and U/S A few studies have shown that mammography coupled with ultrasound can increase the chance of finding smaller breast cancers; however other studies have shown that it does not help with specific diagnoses and can lead to false positive results. The jury is out a bit on this one but some centers prefer to have both lines of diagnostic imaging to increase chance of catching a cancer.
1608125	Polyp/hemerroid? Blood ON stool doesn't appear to be mixed in, bright red some diarrhea and stomach pain and Nausea, history of hemerroid is it this	Un likely Very unlikely. . You usually do not have belly pain, nausea diarrhea with hemorrhoid . This is either food poisoning or dysentery. Salmonella poisoning is going around in US from caramel apples poisoning. See a doctor if you are still sick
1608650	Every winter I encounter a nail-like sharp pain at the bottom of my left foot, located somewhere below my small toe. My toes become hot, itchy & red.	Possible Neuroma You should be seen and evaluated for possible mortons neuroma.
1272588	I have dizziness, hot and cold flashes,  blurred vision, migraines, fatigue, and constant exhaustion no matter how much sleep i get. Also heart burn.	See neurologist but I suspect that you all also suffering from anxiety-depression.
1209002	I had sex a week  ago. My breasts and nipples are so sore . I decided taking home pregnancy test . It was a week before my period  and i had negative.	Repeat If you are concerned about a possible pregnancy, repeat the test when you miss the period.
583985	What does it mean when my vagina has been itching very bad on the outer part and having yellow discharge in my underwear and a very bad odor ?	Needs testing Vaginal discharge requires an examination to determine the cause and treatment. Bacterial vaginosis is the most common cause and often has a vaginal odor. Vaginal itching can be a sign of a yeast infection. Sometimes vaginal discharge can be a sign of a sexual transmitted infection. Testing is important to determine the treatment and keep you and your partner safe.
965576	Chest pain left side near breast for a month now hurts back to aswell as arm feel it more when relaxing also have heavy heartbeat sometimes. Im19 btw?	Chest pain Your chest pain sounds musculoskeletal.
97389	Is an irregular heart beat usually atrial fibrillation?	Usually Atrial fibrillation is certainly one of the most common causes of an irregular heart beat, but not the only one. Probably most common are benign premature beats which many people have and are of no significance. For a potentially dangerous irregular rhythm, atrial fibrillation is the most common.
1209008	Can you take Mucinex (expectorant) and sudafed together and will it keep you up at night. Or will nyquil be better for stuffy nose and mucus in throat?	Mucinex Will not keep you up, but sudafed may. They are okay to take together. Nyquil may be better if you do not want to stay up and is okay to take with an expectorant as well (just make sure that the nyquil you bought doesn't also have an guaifenisin in it as well). Hope you feel better!
6643790	sore throat for 3 days. Tonsils red/swollen. Just Spit up (did not cough) quarter size fleshy white mass covered in blood. Bumpy texture. No odor.	Tonsilitis Without being able to see this it makes it very difficult to comment on. Any time, however, that you are having bleeding from an infected site it strongly suggests a need for professional assessment. See your family doctor or an ENT specialist and get examined. Best wishes.
1059098	What's this lump in my ear lobe next to my piercing? Just noticed this morning. Slightly sore. I can move it a little beneath the tissue.	Early abscess This could be acne but is probably an early abscess. You need to have it checked by a doctor. You may need an antibiotic. Please keep the ear ring area clean and dry. Good luck.
586674	Can Dexilant cause headache. Its above eyes and forehead..A little on top of head. Hida scan function at 33%. Styes in both eyes. Neck glands swollen.	Yes It is rare but Dexilant may cause headache in some patients.
1402526	I'm 10 weeks pregnant and have horrible constipation like cramps in the middle of lower abdomen just above my pubic bone. Should I be worried?	Constipation Constipation can cause severe and uncomfortable abdominal pain. In other to avoid developing hemorrhoids, especially as pregnancy increases the risk, increase fluid intake as well as fruits and vegetables. Good health.
615569	What could cause numbness and tingling in my face & arms, dizziness, vision gets black around edges, weakness in hands, and sharp, sudden, headaches?	Neurologist Make an appt asap. They are highly skilled in diagnosis. You can't get treated until a diagnosis is made.
649858	I had intimacy with my boyfriend a week before my period with no protection, and i got my period but now i feel dizzy nauseas tired can I be pregnant?	Yes Do a home pregnancy test.
65868	Can sore nipples and tender breast mean breast cancer or swelling in the breast? No period coming and not pregnant what is it?	Unlikely Its unlikely to be cancer. But it could be a sign of infection, inflammation or even pregnancy. Suggest you consult your doctor who can examine you and check for pregnancy too.
760902	Fatigue, leg pain/weakness, balance/memory problems. 3 lesions on MRI brain. Lumbar puncture, labs, emg, and segmental pressure test all normal. Help?	Maybe ok Depending on the size and location , these lesions are also common in normal persons, aging, and those with migraine. But discuss with a neurologist to make sure.
698956	Numbness, tingling from left leg and down. Knee feels weak hyperextended last year. Jammed my hip last year. Still have full muscle control, lost feeln?	Neuropathy You could have a piriformis syndrome, or a partial sciatic nerve mononeuropathy, where the sciatic nerve is not properly carrying the sensation signaling of the leg. I suggest that you check with your physician for proper diagnosis and treatment as many conditions can present with similar symptoms. Hope you feel well soon.
1379145	5 weeks pregnant my hCG is 7042, would i be able to see my baby or a heart beat on an ultrasound?	You can You can see the heartbeat as early as 5-6 weeks, but not much more. You OB may wait until 8-10 weeks to do an ultrasound, when we can see more of the embryo or make sure it's ok.
1032744	I have protected sexual intercourse with a csw after one year i test HIV PCR test result was viral load less than ldl(ldl-10 copies/ml) what mean help?	Negative for HIV.
878754	Cardiologist says heart is fine because of ekg/holter/echo/thyroid/adrenal good. Constant tachycardia/pacs/palps though. Ef 50%. Possible error?	Anxiety disorder You have had a very thorough cardiac work-up including echo, ekg. .. You may have an anxiety disorder that is causing the symptoms you are describing. Are you under stress or pressure? Probably time to look for other explanations than cardiac - your heart is fine.
878757	I have a lump on my head behind my right ear. It hurts when slight pressure is placed and it sometimes makes me receive headaches.	Evaluation Needed There are several things the bump could be so it's important that you go to the doctors and be evaluated and diagnosed properly.
1221576	I've got my tonsillectomy  last week, still feeling pain on  throat and ear ( I am still having semi solid diet) when i can have my regular solid diet?	Probably normal If you are an adult, tonsillectomy is very painful. Probably within normal limits. Advance your diet as your symptoms will allow.
813322	Orthopedic surgery question-----what do you think of a biologic knee replacement? On you tube : bioknee.Com	Biologic Knee Holds tremendous promise the science is encouraging and seems sound the individual elements of the technique have been around for some time their combination in this manner is unique and potentially ground breaking more research is needed to determine its true place in our current armamentarium vs knee osteoarthritis.
1544292	4 ear infections this yr, 6 mo ear pain, abx not helpful. Ear surgery an option, in combination w/revision tonsillectomy? Seeing ENT Wed.	Ear infections If the infections are frequent and don't clear with antibiotics, Eustachian tubes are about the only option. It may be the tonsils are blocking the drainage of fluid from the middle ear. Make sure his/her immunizations are up to date. Have a hearing assessment done to insure the infections did not cause damage. All the best, it is always a difficult decision.
1375327	Is the implanon more effective than Depo-Provera provera?	Yes, slightly better While both Depo Provera and Implanon ( now Nexplanon) have failure rates of less than 1%, Implanon is a bit more effective.
1598128	29 of November is my period date now have missed period and lower abdominal pain  and gas also.. breast only heavy not sore m I pregnant ?	Maybe. Maybe not. It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
1375329	I have these white pimple looking things on the top back and on the foreskin of my penis.. i know they aren't pearly penile skin things. STD maybe?	Might be STD If you had unprotected sex. Advise to get yourself checked at a clinic or by a dermatologist/veneriologist or urologist
744245	Urine came back with high wbc. I don't have UTI or kidney infection so what else could it be?	UTI White blood cells in the urine indicate a urinary tract infection (uti), usually a bladder infection (cystitis) but sometimes a kidney infection (pyelonephritis). In the face of that finding, i don't see how you can "be sure" you don't have a UTI or kidney infection, i think you actually do. See a doctor and get further evaluated and treated.
6766147	My right ear itches a lot. It itches more when I have runny nose or when I'm sneezing a lot (which I do every morning). Why is it? What should I do?	Nonspecific This is a nonspecific symptom that could be due to dry skin, yeast infection of the ear canal, allergic reaction,etc. Is there a rash? You could try occasionally applying a cortisone type cream to the itchy area. If the ear canal is itchy or peels,have a physician examine your ear to see if ear drops would help. If there are allergies,benadryl(causes drowsi'ess) or Claritin(nondrowsy) should help.
6723608	I'm having more back pain at rest and unilateral knee or hip pain upon activity. Been worked up for RA & Lupus - negative X-rays on all 4 extremities.	Info Would recommend office visit to orthopedic surgeon, spine expert if available. At your age (no offense here), Gonococcal arthritis could be in the differential. A thorough history and physical from an orthopedic surgeon is likely to illuminate the etiology. Lots of information is needed to make a sound diagnosis. Happy to consult with you.
1579317	I had complex aneurysm surgery in June.  Have femoral neuralgia from angiograms.  Constant pain in groin, and thigh.  What can I do to heal it?	Few options First, make sure you don't have anything serious going on with your blood vessels or hip joint that needs treatment. If you've had some nerve damage from procedures there are different medications that can help, such as gabapentin, which is a commonly used nerve pain medicine. There are also topical medicine options. You may be best off seeing a pain specialist.
6626178	I have two small BB size blood clots in superficial vein behind my right knee what should I do?	Ibuprofen And warm compresses. Have your doctor order ultrasound to make sure that you have no clots in deep veins
1348726	My mother has anemia. We eat the exact same food and I don't take vitamin supplements. So could I have B12 deficiency as well?	No , Not Necessarily B12 Def. can occur due to lack of a factor that is needed to allow B12 to be absorbed . For some reason your mom seems to lack this factor & she will probably have to get her B12 either by injection or intra nasally .I doubt that you will have B 12 Def this young .
57206	Frequent migraines, dizziness and nausea with weakness in arms.  Also had bloody nose with migraine.  What could it be?	Brain tumor. Brain tumors are very rare, but you should have a thorough exam with your doctor. Another cause would be a condition called pseudotumor cerebri. The more likely cause is just severe migraines though. Visit your doctor to get some effective treatment.
6626173	My 5 month old has a runny nose and sneezing today.  No fever, eating and drinking, just cranky. Is this the flu, should should I worry.	Watch the baby Your baby might be starting to get mild flu like symptoms or any other infection . Just watch this running nose and sneezing may go away in a day or so , if continues having symptoms and being cranky then get her checked up by the doctor .
603986	Should i request a pet scan? For the past seven months I have had a sharp, aching pain in my shin right on the bone near my knee that has progressively gotten worse.	See answer Have your dr carefully evaluate you. After plain radiographs an MRI might be an appropriate diagnostic exam but not a pet scan.
57752	I have periods that last 3 weeks with heavy bleeding. Severe pain during intercourse and ovarian cysts. Any ideas? I can't take hormones.	D &amp; C You need to see an gynecologist. There are many variables that you cannot treat yourself.
6653264	I feel really sick and have not felt well for 4 or 5 days.  My stools are mustard yellow and I have stomach cramps and diarrhea as soon as I eat even a little bit of food.  Yesterday, I woke up with a really strange headache.  (I do have a hx of migraines	Notify your doctor Diarrhea that is not improving after 2-3 days deserves a complete history and physical from a physician.
1237932	I am 16 and have ankylosing spondylitis, I have taken 4 different tnf blockers and nothing is working. Recommend any treatment options?	Discuss with Rhemato We can not advice you on this site without knowing your condition in detail, and your symptoms and results of tests you had done tnf inhibiters, exercises and physical therpy and nsaids for pain control. Discuss your options with your rheumatologist.
1388447	Is it possible to have IBS or IBD with bowel symptoms(chronic diarrhea,yellow floating shapeless faeces),esr=47,but NO bowel pain?thanks	See a physician Possible malabsorption, you might not be absorbing certain food components properly. I suggest you get your stool analyzed. Floating pale stools usually indicate malabsorption of fat especially.
1162911	Lmp 29 december, spotting 19 to 22 january, tiredness, nausea, slightly tender breasts, negative hpt. Could i be pregnant?	Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
958146	What happens if child takes Benadryl and allegra together?	Not much They are both antihistamines and would reduce allergic symptoms. The Benadryl might make him/her a bit sleepy.
6705667	I'm having numbness and tingling feeling on my left arm It occurred last night till now. It's still the same . I'm having neck tension for weeks.i thought it was due to my studies , stressing about exams . But I had a doubt when I had a mini chest pain a	You should see a doc These symptoms you're describing could be very serious. I recommend you be seen by a doctor as soon as possible. I wish you well!
1482876	Currently cd29 dpo14, period was due today, pregnancy test negative, no PMS or pregnancy symptoms except sore breast. Can Clomid delay a period?	Yes It can but you could also be pregnant and it is just too early for the test you did to be positive. If your period still hasn't started in a couple of days, repeat the test.
1572167	Prescribed 50mg trazodone help sleep along side Vyvanse for adhd. I feel like a zombie in the morning even after stimulant. What should I do?	See psychiatrist Trazodone causes drowsiness , so you feel zombie-like. You may have to reduce the dose of trazodone to feel normal in the morning. Have a talk with your doctor and discuss your problem. Hope you feel better.
17134	Can you have heart failure without a myocardial infarction?	Yes An example is uncontrolled hypertension (high blood pressure) can cause heart failure without myocardial infarction (heart attack) happening at the same time.
753327	For a couple days my throat has been hurting when i swallow and feels a not swollen. I have not had the flu or allergies. What could it be?	Pharyngitis It appears as if you could have a pharyngitis or an infection of the throat. In the event you could have strep throat, you need to see you physician asap. By being treated for this condition within the first 72 hours you decrease the chance of acquiring rheumatic heart disease in the future.
753324	1 yr old. Mucus coughs, snotty nose, red eyes with discharge, no fever, sleeplessness. She was diagnosed with allergies. Could it be a cold?	Persistent cough It could be a cold or allergies. If her mucus is yellow or green it speaks more for a cold. If her mucus is clear it speaks morefor an allergy.
547460	Unequal pupils r>l, both reactive, intermittent r eye pain and r sided headaches up to 3months. Noncontrast CT normal. Dizziness past few days. Tumor?	Need eval You should get a brain MRI with and without contrast to evaluate your brain more detail. Non contrast head ct is only a very limited test. Further w/u is absolutely needed go to see your md right away.
668398	What are the causes of diarrhea and vomit at same time--stomach virus or food poisoning?	See below Both can. See your doctor if symptoms persist.
1058329	Is it possible for you to take tylenol sinus with amoxicillin and prednisone?	Yes Tylenol sinus contains; acetaminophen, guafenesin, and phenylephrine. These can be taken with Amoxicillin and prednisone.
1183329	Feeling shock pain around outside knee. Chiropractor reset my tibia but still having trouble squating below waist. Leg can't bend all the way back?	Knee damage Since you cannot ben your knee all the way back you may have an effusion and damage the meniscus or cruciate ligaments. No more chiropratic. You need to have examine by a physician.
1471927	My T3 thyroid test and T4 levels were normal . Still have all the hypo symptoms . I'm 5 months post partum. How accurate are those tests ?	Hypothyroid treat your symptoms, but still test tsh and base treatment on it.
1466524	Why is Benadryl more effective for hives than allegra?	Antihistamines some hives respond better to first generation antihistamines, but in general if the hives are chronic, they are better suppressed with a second generation antihistamine, such as Allegra or Zyrtec as they are longer acting and less sedating
364477	What does red, itchy, painful feet and hands mean?	Depends Usually either eczema, but could also be an allergy, would see a dermatologist to sort out.
1358800	32 Weeks pregnant with twins, bad swelling in one foot more than the other, horrible hip and pelvic pain, swelling slightly pitted but not severe?	Swelling With significant swelling in pregnancy BP should be evaluated. Please consult your physician
756808	Been to dr & they found fluid behind uterus. Said it could be ovarian cysts causing pain, but now I have pain in groin sometimes. Should i be worried?	Probably ok Once you ovulate, the fluid can be seen on ultrasound. The fluid can cause pain in your pelvis. If this the cause of the pain, it can take a couple of weeks to clear. Follow up with your doctor if the pain worsens.
890950	Sick for 2 weeks now. Throat so bad appeared to be mono (tests show it's not). Blood count normal. What's wrong?	Ask your doctor There are many causes of a sore throat. If you have been tested for mononucleosis you have seen a doctor, so go ask that doctor what he/she thinks you have. Perhaps you have sinusitis and allergies with post-nasal drip. Perhaps you have some other kind of infection. Only your doctor (or another who sees you) can figure this out.
524166	Had vomiting/diarrhea for 24 hours. Dr. Gave me Zofran & i'm feeling better until i got a sore throat & headache. Is it related to vomiting/diarrhea?	Possibly Possibly.
1601833	What could cause my hands and feet to get warm..start aching like it does in flu..and on exertion..i get low grade fever..what could be the cause.?	Hard to say Plenty of things can cause your extremities to become flushed and warm. If you are sick sometimes this is a reaction to fighting illness. Now if they get pale white, turn blue then become red you could have whats called Raynauds phenomenon and could be a sign of other things. Best to see your doctor to put this all together and talk and examine you properly. Good luck
1411389	Are there any side effects switching from Neurontin to lyrica?	Probably not. Lyrica tends to be better tolerated than Neurontin. If you have concerns, contact your prescribing physician.
407473	Mri results said i had a large disc protrusion impinging on L5 nerve, and deformity of spinal canal/sacral nerve roots. Surgery? The report says: large 7mm posterior disc protrusion(l4-l5 disc)measuring up to 13mm in width. It is obliterating the right la	Right Right l4-5 disk herniation can be treated with rest, physical therapy, medications, steroid injections and surgery. Surgery is a good treatment if the disk is causing right leg pain and you have failed other conservative treatments i mentioned. Today disk surgery can be done extremely minimally invasive through the spine endoscope. Please see my health guide on lumbar disk herniations. Good luck!
1376471	Nausea , dizziness, abdominal pain (or intestinal?) diarhea for the last 10 days, sore throat for 3 days, not contagious so far... What could it be?	Infection? Your symptoms could be from an infection, or irritable bowel, or another cause. Your sore throat may or may not be related. If you have had diarrhea for 10 days, you should see a doctor by now to have it further evaluated. Keep well hydrated. Best wishes.
1547014	Rs is republic of serbia and my ears were infected but now are ok but i still have dizziness and i have pain in my eyes sometimes, not regulary.	I see Perhaps you'd like to connect with me privately some time. You can reach me at www.healthtap.com/drsaghafi Key Code: PDXFNR You may have a headache syndrome of some type such as migraines or migrainous vertigo. For more information I'd want you to fill out a headache diary and then, we'd have to figure out the best medication depending on what the log says.
345015	Does alcohol free beer have any effect  on AST , ALT and alkaline phosphatase, in someone with  liver metastases from colon cancer on chemotherapy fuda?	Probably no Probably no effect or very little compared to alcoholic beverages. If any concerns, check with your oncologist.
1387408	2 weeks ago swollen glands, post nasal drip, cough. Got a z-pack- better. Swollen glands are back so is drip. Bad throat pain. Have seas. allergies to?	Ca be from allergies. Go back to doctor and be rechecked to see if it is the allergies.
597727	I had dry sex both of us wearing 2 layers of clothing. Now i'm experiencing heavier, sore breasts, cramps, and my period is a few days late. Pregnant?	Do pregnancy test If you had clothes on and no penetration and exchange of semen to your vagina, than it is unlikely that you are pregnant but you do have symptoms of pregnancy, missed period, heavier and sore breasts so do a pregnancy test if negative and still no period repeat the test in couple of days to make sure you are not pregnant.
797007	I have a mild headache, sore neck, sore throat, nasal congestion, and chills. What's a good OTC medicine to take? Are zinc lozenges effective at all?	See a doctor Sore throat and neck ache and headaches could be associated with a number of potentially dangerous illnesses that may need antibiotics to treat. See your doctor who may send cultures and prescribe antibiotics if needed.
1390262	Is a heart rate of 43 during sleep normal, when a 34 year old woman has a resting heart rate of 65-70? Is that to big of a drop during sleep?	No concern No concerns about pulse rate of 43 during sleep
826606	I'm having sharp pain in my knee when standing up, after ACL surgery. What is it?	Post surgical Until proven otherwise , after acls surgwry is post surgical , neednto talk tothe ortho.
1472479	My 4 year old has a flat red spot on his leg that itches sometimes. Its not getting bigger and he has no fever or pain. Has had it 3 weeks. What is it?	Flat red spot The red itchy spot may be due to a fungus. Apply anti fungal medication which is available otc
591767	Why do I have bad smelling floyds, vaginal discharges, pain during sexual relations, vaginsl itchy (inside), and burnings at urine?	Get tested Foul smelling discharge needs to be evaluated. The most common cause is a nonsexually transmitted overgrowth of bacteria called bacterial vaginosis. Testing for other sexually transmitted disease may need to be done as well.
301774	Took next choice after unprotected sex had bleeding a week later for 3 days , unprotected sex again a week later during expected ovulation date. Now period is 5 days late, am i pregnant?	Possibly Purchase a home pregnancy test. They become positive at about the time you'd be 1 week late. If it's negative, repeat in 1 week.
850268	Crampy lower abdomen, aches felt in stomach and pellet like stool. Great grandma had colon cancer at 70 but my grandma and mom are fine? Ibs or more?	Crampy abd pain The symptoms of colon cancer are a change in bowel habits, blood in stools, pain or pressure in abd or pelvis. Your symptoms if normal for you, seem to be more likely related to poor diet, not enough water intake, and lack of exercise. So try drinking more water, eating foods that have whole wheat and are not processed, and exercising.
621790	I have GERD last month and my doc give me omeprazole 20mg. After taking it for 14 days i felt good but after a week my GERD came back.Wat wil i do?	Continue Forever.
484963	I have a white pimple like bump on the inside of my lower lip. It has been there for a month. And i'm sure it's not a canker sore. Is there a cure?	Yes mucous cyst It cab be injected, drained or if necessary removed by a minor surgical procedure.
6698348	My pubic hair has grown out and now i have very itchy red bumps all over my pubic region. Is this a skin irritation or something more serious ?	Likely Follicilitis If you've shaved that area you are prone to developing a Follicilitis of the hair roots. This can become infected or just cause bumpy areas.
676655	My son aged 4.9 month he has snoring problem and having difficulties to breath becz of adenoids. He is on medication but not worked on him.Surgery?	Probably Your ENT is the best guide. Not sure, get 2 nd opinion.
539555	I have been treated for chlamydia but sperm still comes out of my vagina after sex which makes it difficult to conceive.I will get married soon?	Fertility Chlamydia if left untreated for a certain length of time can affect the fallopian tubes approximately 15% with each infection. It is not unusual to have semen extrude from the vagina after intercourse. The vaginal canal is a potential space and usually the liquid part of the semen is extruded but the sperm itself normally attaches to the upper part of the vaginal canal especially around the cervix and cervical mucus.
1400318	I have a white milky discharge but I have taken Monistat for 7 days....so im ruling out a yeast infection. but what could it be?	See your doctor it could be a STD or bacterial vaginosis.
1382293	A shooting pain in the mid back on left side since 2 yrs now.increases when I am resting & during sleep & decrease while I workout in the gym.plz help?	Back/side pain Interesting. The fact that is worse with rest/sleep in better with exercise suggests it is a muscular issue. Some muscle injuries issues tighten with rest and improve with activity due to increased blood flow to muscle. Best to see good physiatrist or sports med doc to evaluate.
71239	I'm on Depo-Provera provera (sp?) birth control, is it possible to still get pregnant?	Yes No birth control is 100% effective.
6715960	Felt ill.  Chills and bad sore throat.  Maybe a cold? Same today. Noticed small discoloration on tongue on side (no black) and bump near back. CANCER?	Wait The cold will resolve in 7-10 days. If tongue changes persist see ENT doc for evaluation. Cancer unlikely.
1520097	All day today, I've been having breast pain in both of my breast. The pain is like a stabbing/burning sensation. It's mostly around the nipple or on it. They are also really sensitive to touch. I'm not pregnant, so I know that's not the reason.
Do you kno	Recommend Dr eval. I would see your OB-GYN or primary care doctor regarding this. It is definitely abnormal to be having stabbing/burning pain on or around your nipples unless there is an irritant (chemical or physical) that is causing it or there could be a problem underneath the skin layer causing the pain. It is hard to say without a more detailed history and exam however. I would not ignore it.
1548591	Slight white discharge, slight pain w/urination (almost 2 weeks) Zithromax & cipro didn't help. Test neg for chlamydia & gonnorrhea. Thoughts?	More evaluation... Additional information is needed to answer your question with any meaning since you are experiencing may be 1) a yeast infection, 2)continued UTI if the bacteria is resistant to the antibiotics used, 3) atrophy due to menopause, 4) something other than a UTI . A clinical re-evaluation is needed to determine any additional testing is needed to secure the diagnosis.
1222534	Had 4 wisdom teeth pulled , no stitches by dentist. Had fever and vomiting the first day and 1/2 . How long till soreness goes away?  Been 5 days.	Symptoms Symptoms could be from swallowing blood or from reaction to anesthetic. By day 5 pain should be easing off. Have dentist check, you may have dry socket.
6794747	Is constant 24/7 dizzy headache that doesnt stop even during and after sleep a sign of brain tumor?I've had it for a week, doctor only gave painkiller	Yes it can be a sign of a brain tumor. If your doctor looked into your eyes and saw sharp edges around the optic disc then that is a good sign that there is not increased pressure on your brain and therefore no tumor. If you remained concerned, perhaps you should seek a second opinion.
365255	I've had a 102 fever, swollen glands, sinus, cold and flu like symptoms. Im going on fourth week with spotted tonsils. Are blood blisters a big concern?	Sinus infxn; fever Suggest you see fp concerning sinus infection with fever and tonsillitis. May need antibiotics. Have you developed "blood blisters"? Where? Or are u concerned with the infection u may develop blood blisters? Fp can thoroughly examine you & treat appropriately.
6650984	Why does my canker sore bleed on my tongue, and looks as if their may be a small hole on the location? I recently just had my wisdom teeth removed	Sore Was the sore present prior to the extraction? How long has it been bleeding? Also if you have active bleeding, you might be best to contact the surgeon who removed the teeth. While we go to great lengths to avoid it, sometimes tissue adjacent to the surgical site will get abraded during the procedure, Is it also possible you could have bitten your tongue? Id say call your Dr.
380201	Could i be pregnant? I can't really remember the date of my last period. I know it was sometime around the middle of august. I don't have any symptoms. No sore breast, no constipation, nothing like that. I have been super stressed lately with house huntin	Maybe You could be pregnant, but you also could have skipped periods due to stress. Check a home pregnancy tet and if it is negative, make an appointment with a gynecologist to discuss your concerns.
1467923	I'm having hard dark brown almost black stools. No dizziness or elevated heart rate. No stomach pain. On coumadin. Could it be internal bleeding?	Could be bleeding... Coumadin (warfarin) is a powerful blood thinner. If the blood is thin enough, abnormal sites in the upper intestine can bleed and cause black stool or melena. Rapid pulse and dizziness might not occur, and there is seldom any pain. Immediate blood testing and a doctor's examination are essential! You should call your doctor now! Good luck!
59531	I've had a small bump my shoulder for awhile, recently it appears to have a freckle/mole on it(reddish/brown)& at times itches. Should I be concernd?	See doctor It is not possible to tell what this is from brief description, coukd be cyst with opening or you coukd have 2 separate things in same area. Dermatologist will diagnose and remove if necessary.
755492	Sorry asked earlier but want to clarify.   6yr old with 5mm raised mole pin head size dark spot on mole.  No change over one month.  Hair in mole (4 or 5). Mole present for yrs.  Any cause to worry ?	No No cause for worry, but this should be re-examined when back to doctor for checkups.
848167	I have a cyst mass on one of my parotid gland nd 2 little tiny lumps or bumps in my mouth1 on the bottom of my lips nd the other in my cheeks what dis?	See a dentist This should be evaluated by a professional, either a dentist, oral surgeon or ENT doc.
808046	Can you catch chlamydia or gonorrhea through the sharing of towels, soaps, or toilet seats?	It would be... Difficult since they are bacteria that like to live inside cells. So it is hard for someone to get a big dose of the bacteria by casual contact. Still, don't use strange towels or toilet because you can get other infections from these items. Good luck!
529072	Missed period 9 days late sick feeling in stomach sore nipples light cramping took a pregnancy test and two lines except one was faint pregnant.?	Two lines = pregnant It doesn't matter whether one line was faint. Two lines are positive.
1052401	I just had my period last week and now my breast are sore and i'm cramping and have pink discharge. What should I do about it?	Ibuprofen Try Ibuprofen around the clock for a few days. Primrose oil is also good for breast pain.
6747064	Started metformin for prediabetes & pcos. Had sex one time/first time.. Missed period next month. Very light line on preg. Stick.. Can it be false + ?	Can recheck in 1 wk Home pregnancy tests are very accurate and not affected by foods, herbs, common illnesses, sexually transmitted diseases, or medications. A correctly done urine test gives a reliable result 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have happened) or 1 week after missing a period. If done sooner, a positive result is likely real, but a negative result may be due to testing too soon.
841435	My son is 12. Has bad congestion in chest.Yucky brownish yellow in one ear.Had fever but its been a few days since he had one.Chest hurts.What is it?	Take him to doctor He needs to be examined and otherwise evaluated. Do not delay with this. Hope he is better soon.
564629	I have blood in urine, abdominal and pelvic pain with lower back ache. Not a uti. What could it be?	Hematuria Blood in the urine can be due to stones, infection (often tuberculosis), or malignancy. This should be thoroughly evaluated and not ignored. Would see a urologist or nephrologist and follow up with them.
725789	Unprotected sex around ovulation. Plan b one step within 24hrs. 5 or 6 days after ovulation brown bleed for 3days. Cramps, discharge, bloated pregnant?	Probably not You should take a pregnancy test to be sure. Your symptoms are most likely side effects of plan b.
1366038	I believe I'm in the first weeks of pregnancy. Two tests both negative, I attributed to testing before my missed period. I am spotting only when I pee	True Pregnancy True pregnancy is asymptomatic. One does not 'feel' they are pregnant until weeks past conception. But, if you have missed a period and have not tested yet then please sign off of Health Tap and go get a test. Testing before missing a period is a complete waste of money and is invalid. If you have tested after your period is delayed then you can test again or find other reason for the missed P.
673931	I have not had a period in 6 weeks, I have sore breasts, headaches and thick discharge., I have dne a pregnancy test but came back negative?!	Didn't ovulate It's likely that you did not ovulatie this cycle which results in an irregular cycles and symptoms of estrogen excess such as tender breasts. Most of the time this corrects on its own but occasionally will require correction with medications.
6710224	I have a groin strain ever time I walk on that leg it's a pierce pain spreading down to the knee ?	Inguinal hernia is probably the cause. See your doctor for the diagnosis.
1464965	Day 5 of nausea, diarrhea and sensitivity to light and sound. Alleviated by sleep or lying in dark room also holding the sides of my head helps. -preg?	Not so likely These are not typical early pregnancy symptoms, and sound a lot like a migraine syndrome (or something worse). You need to have this checked out.
820856	I have had blood in my stool off and on for years. Ihad a colonoscopy back in 2007 eeverything ok except the hemmroids.Dr wants another. Cancer?	Likely not Odds are this is hemrrhoids again. However, ur doctor is right. It has been long enough that another colonoscopy would be very wise.
6792848	I take 100mg sertraline daily. Is it okay to take melatonin supplements to aid sleep whilst flying to other side of world?	Absolutely OK Melatonin is a natural hormone produced by the pineal gland. Melatonin levels decline predictably with age. Melatonin supplementation has a wide range of beneficial effects--not just as a sleep aid. It is a "regulator of regulators," and helps maintain circadian rhythms of other hormones, as well. Doses as high as 500 mg/day have been taken for prolonged periods without adverse effects.
178190	I had an ovarian cyst removed now I am bleeding vaginally how do I know if its my period of something wrong my periods is not regular?	Most likely menses Most likely you are having a menstrual cycle. Laparoscopic surgery should not directly affect vaginal bleeding, though removal of a cyst, with some kinds of cysts, may precipipate menses.
820850	I have hemeroids and am use to a lil rectal bleeding but what would make u soak toilet paper with a bright red blood. Other than ibs?	Need to be evaluated You should be evaluated by your primary doctor, gastro or surgeon as these symptoms are very non specific and may be related to a GI issue such as hemorrhoids or even a or other causes of GI tract bleeding.
6645899	Is it okay to take a diphenhydramine HCl with my zanaflex?	It is OK there is no interactions between zanaflex and diphenhydramine. However, always before beginning any new drug, it is important to review your medical history with your doctor.
607631	I'm 21. Around 215 pounds. I took 6 30mg vyvanse. When will i be able to pass a urine test? And is there anyway to get it out of my system faster?	No way Vyvanse is longer acting stimulant but it is out of your system quickly in a day or two.
1261539	The left side of my head neck and eye hurt really bad feels like my brain itches and my eye is red! what is this?	Shingles? You may have herpez zoster ophthalmicus and you should see an ophthalmogist as soon as possible. Antivirals may be needed, however, a seasoned ophthalmologist should be able to diagnose condition.
1029044	I have been suffering from throat infection for the past 5weeks.There is also a small swollen lymph node on the lower right side of my neck. Worried.	Have it evaluated Have you seen a doctor for this issue? If not, do so.
1499251	Got a unknown spider bite on right breast 2 weeks ago. Got a rochepin shot and 10 days of bactrim now the is really sore & red, warm to touch & black?	Treatment failure Symptoms of an illness that will respond to a particular antibiotic usually start to improve within a few days and certainly shouldn't get worse. Cellulitis is the condition of the skin when infected, characterized by warmth, tenderness, redness and sometimes drainage. Cellulitis that doesn't improve with oral medications often requires IV antibiotics and possibly surgical intervention.
661718	Went to dr after being raped and i think i might have genital warts but doctor says it isn't. Very small spots. What else could it be?	STD testing Part of your evaluation should include testing for sexually transmitted diseases. If these spots are not genital warts, you need to find out what they are. Your gyn is best suited to tell you...
6614044	Lower left abdominal pain (ovary) cramping and painful breast. I don't have cycles I just recently stopped Depo-Provera and I'm not pregnant?	Period soon? might be about to start your 1st period after deep
6707084	I have shinny swollen  lower legs with tightness  and a burning and aching  sensation. My legs has a lot of bruising and red spots along with lumps?	Exam Cannot be diagnosed online: this may be an infection, inflammation, fluid retention or circulatory issues: make an appointment with your physician- TODAY!
1460066	Slight pressure/cramps in lower abdomen. Neg pregnancy test 5 weeks after sex. Always had irregular periods. No other symptoms. Should I be concerned?	Depends If persistent abdominal pain, pressure, cramps persists, your doctor can order tests to make sure it is normal. A urine, a scan based on your history and exam could be possible. Please see your doctor
1315030	Whenever I get out of the tanning bed I have this horrible red, itchy rash in my stomach, chest, and?	Don't tan Some people have an itchy rash from ultraviolet light exposure called polymorphous light eruption. Does this occur with natural sunlight also? Are you on any medications. There are many caused of light-induced rashes. Tanning beds are proven causes of skin cancer. Please don't use them!
661842	Itchy breast before period? Normal? Or pregnancy?	Itchy Breasts Itchy breasts are not a symptom that i associate with pregnancy or menstrual cycles. Could you be wearing something different during this time, such as a different clothing or perfume? If there is a rash associated with the itch, an in-office evaluation would be best. If you are concerned you might be pregnant, i would advise getting proper testing and evaluation.
224717	How to make your vagina not smell bad?	Vaginitis If your vagina has a bad smell, you may have a vaginal infection. You should get checked out and have it treated, rather than trying to hide the smell with peroxide.
1541366	7w pregnant, sore throat, headache, dry cough, Tylenol brings 101.8 fever to 99.7 but only for 1-2 hrs. What else can I do to help? Will I miscarry?	See doctor There is an infection going on and your doctor can determine if it is from a virus or bacteria. If it is a virus then taking tylenol, robitussin DM, honey in tea, vicks vapor rub, etc...can help with the symptoms. If it is a bacterial infection then your doctor will prescribe antibiotics. You will most likely not miscarry because of mild illness such as this.
1089172	If you have lupus and RA , would you need to have to knee drained? Swollen as well & back of knee too.   Very  painful & hard to walk at times?	Usually Aspiration of injection with cortisone is the best way to get immediate relief. Also, since you have fever, you want to be sure there is no infection in the knee.
212625	Can autonomic defiency come &go in flares &can it slow down respiratory  rate to the point of stopping breaths during sleep? I get this & awake dizzy.	Could be Autonomic dysfunction is very hard to diagnose, and can have multiple presentations with different symptoms each time. Make an appt with an internal medicine.
483603	Getting bad headaches for months at top of head with pressure feeling, my head feels sore to touch, like my hair is sore, what could it be?Serious?	Possible tmj Could be tension headaches associated tmj. Recommend you consult your dentist.
1202120	Zithromax & shot rocephin-sinus infect/sore throat 3 days before blood work checkup showed low RBC 4.15, WBC 2.5 hct 37.9, & high mono%14.3.  Why?	Needs to be rechecke This is strange, yet it can be a lab error. I would advise close follow up with a recheck x 1-2 till WBC count is at least 4, 000.
788075	I have done everything i can think of to get rid of my genital warts and they still arent gone. What do you suggest?	Need to see dr You may need medical treatment with topical application of concentrated tca, or prescription strength topical products that can cause the destruction of the wart. It could also be removed with an excisional biopsy. Extensive, numerous lesions are usually required to consider laser surgery treatment.
723201	Hypersensitive skin toes/feet burns/stings horrible. Cold toes seeing vascular. Not ms. Crp 10. Normal thyroid. Stiff/painful joints hands, feet not ra?	Possible neuropathy You may be experiencing peripheral neuropathy.
6764848	I have a little red bump on my upper lip along the lip line. The bump looks like a normal pimple, then i noticef there were 4 other bumps in a circle.	Be checked Or send us a picture. It may be an outbreak of the cold sore virus which the earlier it is seen and treated, the better. All the best.
1081109	My gums are swollen and in between my teeth are red, sore and bleed every now and then. Why?	Anug Chronic gingivitis may progress into linear erythema and ultimately acute necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis. Treatment involved antibiotic, full mouth debridement, and follow up. Check with your dentist for definitive diagnosis and treatment.
1089286	+ana that went from 1:80 to 1:160 within a month. Neg-other antibodies, on and off flares, joint pain, chest/face rashes, fatigue, cough, chest pain?	Positive ANA Symptoms may be suggestive of fibromyalgia; especially, if you have insomnia, depression, headaches. Was skin biopsy was negative? However; 1:160 titer is less likely to be falsely positive; a patient with no objective clinical evidence of an autoimmune disorder, but with high ANA titer should be followed expectantly for the emergence of a possible connective tissue disease.
1443148	Knee replacement injury stepping down steps on porch. Pain/weakness in joint and surrounding muscles. Second injury in two months.	Orthopedics I strongly suggest a thorough orthopedic reevaluation and certainly a PT evaluation.
1388248	Period was 6 days late , now have severe cramps light bleeding and a lot of small clots. Tubal ligation 2 years ago. Whats going on??? Im scared!!!!	Ok May be ok. Sometimes periods late. If worsens see doc
606765	What is the difference in testing an IgG and IgM bands for Lyme versus multiple myeloma?	Different Diseases Lyme and multiple myeloma are two very different diseases which are not likely to be confused for one another on a test like this. Igg and igm are two different types of proteins made by the immune system, and within each category you have thousands of different proteins in your body. For lyme, the test looks for a protein that proves your body has "seen" lyme organisms before.
723807	Clear discharge & sometimes inverted only left nipple...Breast cancer? Just turned 20 & don't think im pregnant	Not likely Very unlikely breast cancer based on age alone. Not normal, however. Should see gyn or other md.
1037101	My mom is 72 has breast cancer that spread to her brain she is reciving hyperbaric oxygen therapy has these large knots in her upper thighs im concern?	Yes you have To be concerned about your mom health, you discuss with her doctors and decide what is best for her , you and your family members and friend make her as comfortable as possible good luck
1084465	What should I do if I have a bee sting and the swelling has not gone down, its been more than 24 hours! help!?	It depends on Amount of swelling. Bee ; wasp stings can actually continue to swell after the 24 hour mark. Apply ice in 10 min. Increments (10 on/10 off). If you have swelling that is greater than 4 inches (for one sting) - and it isn't resolving consider medical attention.
489950	Red spots with a white centre on my hands, elbows, feet and knees, they are very itchy, what could this be?	Psoriasis Seek dermatologist for treatment.
1505305	How can I get rid of genital warts fast?	Genital Wart Hi, you need to see a doctor, s/he might give you a cream that you apply on the wart or they treat it in the office themselves by applying medication or freezing it or removing it surgically.
1557227	I was squatting and went to stand up and felt a pinch in my knee cap. Now I am feeling really bad pain in my knee cap. What should I do?	AllSquattersGetCaugh The knee is a very non-joint joint. It has no socket. It depends on the ligaments and cartilages to stay stable. Low squats render it vulnerable. i don't know how catchers do that for years on end. So the liklihood is a cartilage problem, either under the knee cap or on the big lower bone (tibia). If you don't feel better in 2 weeks, get it checked out and in the meantime be nice to it.
6695190	I have 3 bumps inside my vaginal lips one sticks out the others are more flat like white spots I do have my 3 hpv shots could this be a wart or herpes?	Possibly see your doctor and have them checked,
6695197	I have non-itchy red spots on arms and legs, a couple on belly and side of torso. No fever. Fatigue, slightly swollen neck gland, back and head ache.	Non-itchy rashes are more worrisome. It could come from collagen vascular diseases or sometimes even lymphoma. If it persists more than a few days, you should get medical evaluation.
6626953	Brown pasty discharge instead of period 2 months in a row. Neg blood preg test. Cramps. Pain when bladder is very full. Sometimes burning urination.	Ovarian cyst This could be an ovarian cyst, so get it checked out. An Ultrasound may help to make a diagnosis.
980499	Hurt my knee in soccer and hurts when i kick the ball. Can't bend it all the way without hurting. And a very loud popping noise when bent. What is thi?	ACL You may have damaged a ligament in your knee. I recommend seeing your doctor.
1409346	Mucocele? Small, clear, somewhat flat, non painful sore inside cheek. When massaged jaw muscle, jelly consistancy salty goop came out of sore.	Where? On cheek opposite upper first molar? Same thing on other side? Duct of parotid gland. Produces saliva. Normal.
980491	Can allergy cause random burning in neck throat ear and upper chest and a burning enlarged lyhme node near jaw behind ear?	Viral Most likely a viral infection.
938141	Bitten by mosquito/ spider that left bulls eye on arm. Next day my entire forearm covered white rash with white sparkling flakes. No itching.	Arthropod vector Could this have been a tick? The bull's eye you describe may be erythema migrans, the classic lesion of lyme disease. You need to show this to a doctor for specific identification, diagnosis and therapy if necessary. Do not wait, because if it is treatable, the earlier you get to it , the better. Good luck.
274544	Why I am belching, chest pains after I am walking but normal ecg, 2dechoe, stress test I feel so nervous is this related to anxiety disorder?	Panic attacks During a panic attacks, you are likely to experience symptoms similar to a heart attack--shortness of breath, pounding/rapid heart beat, sweating, dizziness, chest pain, nausea, and some even passes out. This tends to get worse because every time it happens you get scared and worry about when the next one will come. It is very treatable--many effective options. Please consult doc. Good luck.
6781360	I have had a puffy red inner eye, haven't been able to get to a doctor. sore dry when blinking and pain. Salt water help, also very itchy. Contagious?	Conjunctivitis Pinkeye or conjunctivitis can be very contagious, but isn't always due to infection. It may also be allergic, especially if dry and itchy and in *both* eyes. Keep your hands clean and away from your eyes; it is possible to acquire an infectious conjunctivitis on top of an allergic one.
521020	My right thumb is very painful (i am left handed) when i move it the knuckle joint clicks?	Possibilities Can be primary osteoarthritis or possible ligament or tendon injury. May be worth getting an MRI of the affected digits to see.
103498	I am 30 years old having knee pain and stiffness while squatting and arising?	Many choices The knee pain with squatting and arising suggests a variety of knee conditions. It could be arthritis but there are many types of arthritis. It could be a problem with tracking of the patella - the kneecap. It could be a cartilage problem. It could be a conditioning problem. It could be a tendon problem. It could be a bursitis problem you need an evaluation to clarify your problem.
6644149	2yr old had blood work done in Dec & in Feb results are saying she had a high C3, C4 Complement & high C-Reactive protein & ES rate what's wrong?	Abnormal labs these lab results could mean different things depending on her symptoms I would suggest a follow up visit with the ordering doctor to discuss these results.
6701335	I had total knee replacement surgery a week ago and my foot is very swollen, is this normal?	Could be Swelling is definitely normal following a surgery, and gravity will tend to force the swelling into your foot. However, if this is new just within the past few days and there is associated pain, it could be a symptom of the formation of a blood clot in your leg. You should see your doc for evaluation if you are concerned. Good luck!
1525028	Hey i have genital warts the doctors told me that i might be HIV positive it's 99% of being positive ?	Repeat test A confirmation test called a Western blot should be done as a follow up if an initial test comes up positive
1257029	I have continuous faintness, nausea and dizziness?	Meniere's disease Do you feel like motion-sickness? It depends if your symptoms are associated with sudden head movements, it is possible you have benign vertigo or a kind of vestibular disorder in your inner ear. If your symptoms last for more than several days, you are advised to talk to your doctor for further evaluation. Some anti-nausea medications are quite effective to control your symptoms.
92818	Should there be little or no pain after a needle breast biopsy?	Little pain Just little pain.
1331647	Sore w red bumps back of throat. 2+ months. Started days after sex with man. Mono/strep/std test neg. antibotics n post nasal meds not help. HIV Case?	?Herpes You could be dealing with HSV infection. You could try empiric treatment with Acyclovir to see if gets better. In any case you will need evaluation by a physician
397143	Do I have prickly heat rash? I did hot yoga yesterday and now I am covered head to toe with tiny flat red bumps. They're especially bad on my glutes & quads. They itch, and i don't feel particularly good. They're not raised or full of pus	Heat Heat rash (miliaria rubra) occurs when your sweat glands become blocked and sweat is trapped under the skin. This can cause a red rash that can either look like little blisters or larger red lumps. It can be itchy or "prickly" which is why many people refer to it as prickly heat. Even though it can be annoying, the good news is that it usually resolves on its own. You can help by preventing sweating such as staying in a cool environment, wear lightweight clothing of breathable material (like cotton), and limiting physical activity in the heat. Calamine lotion can help with the itch. Good luck!
1462831	Burning around penis foreskin and tip of penis. No STD or uti. I think it started when I switched to a new laundry detergent. Not sure though ?	Probably detergent allergic reactions in the genital area are common. as long as the foreskin and tip of penis are not red, low potency OTC steroid cream will soothe things. use a different hypo-allergenic suds.
11276	Can taking probiotics prevent clostridium difficile infections?	Yes. Studies have shown that probiotics can prevent c. Diff infections and other antibiotic associated complications like diarrhea. Best way to prevent c.Diff infections is good hand washing if you visit a hospital or nursing home. Also by not taking antibiotics for viral illnesses like bronchitis and sinusitis. You increase your risk of c. Diff when you take abx for things like these.
1461332	I have UC and my blood in stool came back my GI dr knows about it I'm havering a colonoscopy but what can I do for now I don't get it for a month?	See doctor now Any disorder that causes blood in the stool ("GI bleeding") should be followed closely by a doctor who can check the amount of blood loss and other risks that could be major emergencies. If you can't get an appointment soon, go to an emergency room. Your GI doctor should advise. Important: it may not be from your UC but a new problem. Don't make assumptions.
1448992	I have to go for an ultrasound cause of my mammogram, my breasts sometimes hurts, is it more likely to be cysts? just got a job and dont want it ruine	Yes Cancer seldom hurts. Cysts are more likely. They are often made worse by caffeine. 90% of women have fibrocystic beast changes by age 40. The good news is that they don't increase the risk of cancer and get better after menopause.
537454	My 93 yr aunt doc said her urine test showed she has a bladder infection. He is not treating it since she shows no symptoms. Is this ok?	More info? If your aunt truly has a urinary tract infection proven by a urine culture with an identified bacteria that is consistent with it not being just contamination, i would treat. Sometimes you can find white blood cells in the urine (possible infection) but no identifiable bacteria, or the bacteria you do find look like just contamination. In this case, just watching would be ok.
323739	Why is there a discrepancy between my mammogram and sonogram breast reports?	What is the specific discrepancy? Ultrasound uses sound waves to create images, mammo uses xray, so the appearance of breast structures is contingent upon different physical characteristics. Some abnormalities are visible on both, and some only on one or the other. They are complementary tests. Neither is 100% sensitive. So it is possible for one to be abnormal, and the other to look normal.
779811	Could you tell me what are hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia's effects on heart rate and blood pressure?	Increasing Hypoglymia will trigger a sympathetic response increasing hr and bp. During hyperglycemia, if you are diabetic, the response will be lighter or none, depending in complications associated like hyperoamolar state and ketoacidosis, when the response will be stronger.
723346	Right side numbness with weakness also. Brain and c spine MRI both normal, not get better and cold burning sensations are annoying.Legs buckle cause?	Numb You need a good history and exam by a neurologist. Many possible causes.
989843	Is a normal ekg, 48 hour holter, and echocardiogram enough to say my heart is functioning normally? Even with tachycardia/ dizzy/ palpitations?	Very close to say You are ok. At your age i will say the probability of you having a heart problem is almost zero. I will add a stress test to see how you react to exercise. Also thyroid levels. Causes are: excess caffeirne, energy drinks, cold medicines, dehydration, streets drugs like marihuana, etc. Are you having those palpitations after changing position from sitting to standing? Like in pots. Stay calm and.
1229843	Protected sex 1x since period ended 1wk ago. Now dark brown discharge, cramps, yellow mucous, and little blood. Could this be from stress or cyst?	Could be An infection or other problem. You need to visit your doc.
6688833	Hi. I've recently noticed small like bumps or spots almost come up on my vagina after shaving. They get itchy and sore after showering+sex?	Folliculitis These are typical symptoms for folliculitis (hair follicle infection or inflammation) due to shaving. Best to see a doctor for confirmation. You can expect him or her to recommend that you stop shaing for a few weeks. And if the problem returns, you may need to not shave at all, or switch to a hair removal cream. Good luck.
6688835	Me and my boyfriend had sexual intercourse i was on the last day of my period, we did use the withdrawal method but it was too late as he came outside my vagina, is there any chance i could be pregnant, i bleed for 4 days.	Small chance On the 4th day of your period its less likely that you would get pregnant (but not impossible). The "withdrawal" method is fraught with peril. If you don't want to get pregnant, you should get on a more effective method. If you use this method long-term, you will eventually get pregnant. Best wishes!
1353667	Is it likely u still have pregnancy symptoms after a miscarriage? or its becos of ma uterus been thick?	Miscarriage Pregnancy symptoms generally follow the BHCG hormone. After a miscarriage this hormone decreases down to zero at different rates in different people. One expects the first menstrual cycle 2-6 weeks after.
6644320	My 19 month old daughter just finished antibiotics for an ear infection and the next morning woke up with yellowish-green mucus from nose and cough?	See her doctor. Yellow mucous does not mean that it's a bacterial infection or that it's an ear infection again. It may be a new virus & since antibiotics don't treat viruses, she could certainly get sick even if she was still on the antibiotic. It is important though for her to be checked to make sure the ear infection went away.
570899	Pain in left side of chest....Bp and heart rate good. Pain feels like it right under left breast..Sharp pain then goes away....Left back pain too?	Several causes If each pain is lasting literally 1 or 2 seconds, it is not cardiac. If 30 sec. Or longer, or aggravated by exercise, consider heart. Compression of a thoracic nerve in your back is possible. If skin in painful area is hypersensitive, consider early shingles.
1424130	Is PG blood test taken too early at 4.5 weeks? conception date july 7th, implantation bleeding started at 4 wk. mark, have had light spotting all wk	Unclear question Conception, as defined by the generation of a fertilized ovum, occurs within day or so of the sex. However, it takes about two weeks for the embryo to make enough HCG to produce a positive pregnancy test. Blood test may be done a day after a missed period. Home pregnancy tests should be done 4-5 days after the missed period.
593725	I am 24 and had lower left side abdominal pain for 2 months and pelvic pain sharp shooting vaginal pains. Bleeding between periods  clear ultrasound?	Hard to say Could be a hernia, but that wouldn't cause the irreg bleeding. If the sono showed no cysts, it could be endometriosis or possibly a sexually transmitted infection, if you have had an exposure. Hormonal imbalance could cause the irreg bleeding, but probably not the pains. A bladder condition called interstitial cystitis could cause the pain, but again, probably not the bleeding.
398325	I was on Coumadin the first time and the second time for my DVT they gave me warfarin after 2 months they bothered my stomach so they took me off warfarin cause they bothered my stomach 7  months later my protime was 1.0 is that ok  my leg feels heavy  th	Since Since you are off anticoagulants and are having symptoms you need to see your doctor again and explain your history and request a lower extremity ultrasound. If your doctor refuses and you feel strongly about the matter seek a second opinion. Remember no one knows you better than you know yourself, you have to be your own advocate! all the best.
398323	Could it be cancer I have pain in the upper part of my stomach and in my ribs toward my back.Im feeling sick to my stomach and low energy  along with my urine being dark and cloudy with a strong oder.I have taken over-the-counter bladder infection meds an	The The symptoms you are describing are not simple. However, even if your problem was a a urine infection (cloudy urine, strong odor, pain along your ribs in your back) if left untreated can progress to cause infection in the blood which is a life threatening situation. You need to see a physician as soon as possible to have a proper work up for your potentially serious problem.
858647	I found a lump on my breast. It hurts, its hard and sore and its a red color. Whats the possibility its cancer?	Breast A mammogram & good exam by your ob/gyn can clarify & put your mind at ease.
221720	I am 5'6" and 200 lbs. I have severe high blood pressure. Will a doctor prescribe me appetite suppressants?	Probably not Yiur blood pressure would have to be controlled to entertain an appetite suppressant.
95865	How long does it take to recover after an arthroscopic knee surgery?	Depends Recovery fro simple knee arthroscopy (meniscal debridement, loose body removal, plica excision) takes ~6 wks; if you rehab diligently you can get back faster (sports in 3-4 weeks). Arthroscopic ligament reconstruction (e.g. Acl), meniscus repairs, or articular cartilage procedures (microfracture, aci, etc) require longer rehabilitation, often 6-12 months. Talk to your surgeon about your case.
592457	Came on suddenly a week ago: tingle in right side of right hand *every* time i flex/touch fingers.  No pain!  arm/elbow normal! cubital syndrome?	Nerve Cubital tunnel involves elbow, carpal tunnel at wrist, but nerve may be affected over palm of hand. Digital nerves could be the culprit instead. May be transient due to keyboarding or exertion mild injury. If persists have this examined and treated.
1309418	Normal egd, ecg, stress test, no anxiety. But can't get rid of constant chest pressure, lightheaded from pressure. Doc does not know. Now what?	Doc should advise Well, if what you're saying is that your doctor has ruled out some of the more likely causes of your symptoms and they can't find any abnormalities then, you will either simply have to wait to see how this evolves down the road or your doctor should make an appropriate referral to another specialist if he cannot find anything of an organic nature.
6723861	Neg preg test. Period due today. No sore boobs like usual. Pinching/cramping in uterus x1 week. This would be second period post D&C. Pregnant?	Pregnant Do a pregnancy test one and 2 weeks later.
359507	I've had some muscle weakness in my arms and neck lately and it feels as though someone is applying pressure to the back of my neck. Why could this be?	Pinched nerve? This could be a pinched nerve, but history and examination are needed. Duration and severity very important. I would see a dr. Asap.
6744801	Hi I haven't had a period since May 11 and I have a lot of discharge and negative pregnancy test but my breasts are sore and lower back hurts ?	Hormonal imbalance Menstrual irregularities: Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time. You may consider implanted contraceptive or an IUD. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx Practice safe sex.
348264	I had an EBV panel a while back and all my anti bodies were elevated. Doc said this is what has been causing my low grade fevers. Is this true? And i've never had actual mono before so will I have this forever?	See below It means you've been exposed to the virus (as over 91% of us have) not necessarily clinically infected by the virus. Talk more with your doctor about the ramifications.
1070739	Pea sized lump in armpit, thickening of breast tissue & slightly asymmetrical breasts. What does this mean? Gp has referred me for breast clinic...	Breast specialist Will need to be carefully evaluated by a physician who specializes in breast patholo gies.
729439	Symptoms are high blood pressure, rapid heart rate, nausea, vomiting, right side abdominal pain, elevated liver enzymes, blood in urine, weight loss?	Rapid heart rate You need to get to an emergency room for an evaluation for all of your seriious complaints. Your nausea and vomiting could be related to the cause of your elevated liver enzymes. You rapid heart rate may be symptom of dehydration and given the list of complaints you have, some of which are serious, you need to head for the nearest er as soon as possible to prevent a serious event from developing.
1487383	Headache on one side(R), chills no fever, nausea, dizziness, right ear feeling under water, ringing in the ear and jaw pain all this at the same time ?	Migraine? Is a serious and complex neurologic disorder. Unilateral throbbing headache, dizziness, dysesthesia, visual disturbances nausea, sensitivity to light or sound, paresthesias and even chest pain may be present during the episodes. It is manageable condition. See an orofacial pain or headache specialist for evaluation and professional management.
6727249	I snore of a night so loud and breath through my mouth a lot I even wake my self up snoring and hardly get much sleep? Any idea why this happens?!	Complex Snoring is a complex issue, but very treatable in many cases. See a sleep expert, or an ENT surgeon for a more complete evaluation. Hope this helps!
121920	I've been getting a burning sensation when urinating, plus a slow weak urine stream?	Weak stream If you are above 50, this may mean big prostate that presses and squeezed the ureter shut. Or if young, it can be a prostate infection and urine infection. Urine infection in men and women cause burning sensation when urinating, but also increased frequency and difficulty to urinate. If accompanied by fever and chills, then it is kidney infection that can lead to blood infection and death.
809809	Missed a pill and started my period a week early. Sexually active everyday with ejaculation every time into body at last day of period while on antibiotic. New set pill a week later. Can i be pregnant?	Woah, girl, watchout You've got a lot of complicating variable going on here! the antibiotics are going to throw off your ocps to start with, so just those would beg for condom back-up! the missed pill may allow for an egg to get the wrong message and sneak out: again, condoms. The period irregularity makes it difficult to call, but with your dates, you should be out of your theoretical fertile week. Tough call...
601914	Is there a non surgical procedure to remove large kidney stones from the body?	That depends on... Your definition of large and your definition of surgery. Stones up to 2cm can be treated with eswl (extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy). We do not usually treat any size stone with open surgery these days. Nearly, all stones are treated with eswl or endoscopically.
1248666	Burning sensation in my right  breast mainly nipple area.And pain in my back my underarm kinda has a slight pain/ burning..Could this be ibc.	See A Provider ASAP At your age, this is usually a benign process, however, you can never be sure without an exam. Get in to see a provider asap.
1249390	Had x-ray, ecg, bloodwork, and blood pressure many times. Whole body feels like it beats with me heart when i lay down. Test came back ok. Ideas?	Cardiac awareness Sounds like your heart has checked out and is okay. Your symptoms are called "cardiac awareness. " like when you stub your toe - it's all you can feel for days because it's on your mind. You need distraction. Try soft music at bedtime. If not possible, read till you're exhausted before turning off the light. Do not lie left side down which amplifies the normal heart beat. Be well.
1393829	I have numbness in my thumb first finger and middle finger on my right hand for the last two days what could be the cause of this?	Carpal tunnel is Associated with altered sensation in the thumb, index, middle and part of the ring. It can affect the muscles of the thumb. Symtpoms can be intermittent, occasional or severe and long standing. Testing such as a nerve study/emg is often used to aid diagnosis and gauge severity. Treatment can range from splinting to injectons and even surgery.A very common disorder; many function well despite it.
559154	Pimple on lip line, thought herpes, but no pain, tingling etc. Popped it, little puss, today had scab bit, underneath just bright red skin, justa zit?	Still Herpes. See your pmd for proper evaluation and treatment. Partner can help.
120259	How long does my child have to be on a "soft food diet" after a tonsillectomy?	Ask the Surgeon It really depends upon the surgery and results. Best answered by the surgeon.
1151851	I've had one extremely itchy and sore nipple for several days and now it is dry and flaky. No changes in soap, detergent etc. Cause/solution?	Nipple cream At age 19 it is not likely that this is something serious. While you are waiting to be seen by your doctor for a physical exam you can head to the pharmacy and buy one of the many nipple creams available. Check the breastfeeding area. There are many options.
1225406	Red bump on right outter lip , very concerned . Its only 1 and looks bubbly like puss could come out of it but i don't wanna try it and its sore?	Abscessangle of mout You may have a small abscess from some injury . See your dr.
392311	What is wrong with me? For over 2 months I have been battling a UTI that has caused the over growth of yeast and bacteria to keep giving me vaginal infections back to back. According to test results I have no current vaginal yeast or bacterial infection,	I'm I'm sorry you've had so much difficulty with this uti. Not all vaginal discharges are abnormal. There's no question that repeated courses of antibiotics will disrupt the normal balance of bacteria in your vagina and contribute to yeast infections. Antibiotics might even set the stage for bacterial vaginosis, which occurs when certain pathogenic bacteria "outgrow" the normal organisms in your genital tract. Once these issues are addressed (that is, the uti, yeast vaginitis, and bacterial vaginosis are cleared up), it may take several cycles for your body to return to its usual state. In the meantime, it would be worthwhile to continue taking a daily probiotic (any multi-strain probiotic will do; it doesn't have to be rephresh pro-b). If your discharge develops an unpleasant odor, or if you develop vaginal itching, burning, or pelvic pain, see your doctor again. For what it's worth, i've attached a link that provides more information about vaginal discharges. I hope you feel better soon! http://women.Webmd.Com/vaginal-discharge-whats-abnormal.
1033178	I have sprained or strained an old injury to  the inside back of the leg that starts behind and above the knee and goes up the leg what do I do for it?	Rest Difficult to know what this"old" injury may be but your anatomic description suggests you irrititated a hamstring injury. If this is correct than hamstring 'strains' do best w/ rest/ nsaids etc.See your physician if no improvement
251648	How can I measure bouts of diarrhea from irritable bowel syndrome so my doctor knows how bad?	Keep a log One way would be to keep a record of dates and times of the events. This may also help with identifying any patterns, especially if certain foods are being eaten or certain stressors encountered frequently when the bouts are especially bad. By keeping the record you have an accurate log of events and do not have to try to remember which can sometimes be difficult if there are many.
1196802	Left foot thumb nail turning greysh without any pain or itching. What is this. What is cause and treatment?	Fungal infection This is likely a fungal infection called onychomycosis. Have it checked by your doctor. Medication can help.
722038	I suppose to took my last Depo-Provera shot in march20, 2013 but didn't go cause i'm tryin to have a baby and now my breast is sore and tender could i be prego?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
762509	Started using melatonin  & i'm waking up btw 5-6  really tired., but hard to fall back asleep. Should i get up? Normally i woke btw 7-8 super tired.	Sleep An hour before bed time shut off all electrical appliances including the tv. Listen to soft music, take a warm bath and relax. Try to get to bed at the same time every night and get up at the same time every morning.
292950	I have a severe case of poison sumac/ivy/or oak and i'm treating it with steroids--is this standard?	If its bad -then yes Most poison ivy is a contact dermatitis - that means there is a local reaction to the oil where it touches your skin. However, some people actually have a true allergic reaction as well - where many things in the body happen and release chemicals in the body causing the more severe reactions. If usual anti-allergy things don't work (ie antihistamines, etc), then steroids are used to settle things.
223383	Sore throat on one side, swollen lymph gland, hard to swallow, and back teeth very painfull with swollen gum? Is that from cavity?	It's possible But it could be caused by other things besides a cavity. Gum disease, a necrotic tooth, viral infection. See a dentist to rule out tooth and gum related causes then see your doctor for follow up.
333052	My period came 2 weeks early i feel nauseous headaches dizziness i took a pregnancy test and it was negative I have been very tired lately and usually?	Not pregnant but... Not well. Seeing a primaey care provider may prrovide answers.
294866	Is it beneficial to wear a knee neoprene sleeve after surgery and for how long. It is now 2 weeks since i had knee arthroscopic surgery. Thank you.?	It can be beneficial But you don't necessarily need to wear one. It may help to keep your knee from giving out as it can increase your proprioception until your quadriceps is strong enough.
1465433	I have joint pain, edema, sun rash, headaches, fatigue. All lupus tests - except Ro/SS-A was +. My rheum. said a type of skin lupus. What kind is it?	Lupus types There are a few different classifications of lupus. Systemic lupus is the most common and involves many organ systems. Cutaneous lupus generally only involves the skin, but a percentage of people will develop or reveal that they have the systemic variety. Drug induced and neonatal lupus are two other, less common forms.
1009223	I have itchy bumps that leak clear fluid, hives and theres a reresidue in my hair. I am also bleeding easy from small cuts...What is it!?	See your doctor You may be suffering from something more than skin deep. See a doctor asap.
1040544	What do u do if u have nighttime tachycardia? I'm wearing a heart monitor again. No blood clots clear X-ray and ct. Labs god too.	Multiple reasons Nighttime tachycardia= several reasons. Just lying down increases the amount of blood your heart has to distribute and will cause it to speed up some. Certain nighttime meds can cause the heart rate to speed up. Anxiety and panic attacks could also be the cause, also eating right before bed. I am glad you are wearing a heart monitor, the more serious reasons will be easier to isolate that way.
1227056	Why can't pregnant women take advil, aspirin, or medicines like this? Why is it dangerous?	Cause bleeding In the baby or the placenta.
6697599	Due to start my period in 4 days. I have tender, swollen breasts, increase in vaginal discharge, thick & white (3days) Neg preg test 2 days pregnant?	Hard to tell... It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
1373236	After putting ice directly on skin with heat rash, i developed itchy rash where blisters are joined red and itchy.was not itchy before it.whats this?	Cold urticaria Rarely, you can develop hives due to Exposure to cold temperature. This is called cold urticaria. Though usually harmless, if the reaction affects the whole body, it could turn out to be as serious as any other allergic reaction. Please consult your doctor for some needed tests or to carry medication to deal with an emergency.
1217583	Frequent migraines, about 3 weekly, rear head pressure, blurred vision, dizzy when i get up. Some neck/shoulder pains. Upper back pain.	Neurologist Anyone with such frequent migraines and the other cluster of symptoms you have should see a neurologist for a history, exam and work up of your symptoms.
958857	Toes/top of foot swollen. I can't seperate my toes. Icing causes more pain/swelling. Feels like it weighs 10 lbs. Swells all the time. Hurts every day for the past 3yrs. Why is this happening to me?	Needs Full Work-up This could be simple osteoarthritis, especially if you had an injury. Or rheumatoid arthritis. Or a nonunion fracture. Or poor circulation. Even renal failure. Please have a evaluation with x-rays and exam.
632587	Sore throat, headaches, sharp pain on back of neck & persistent pain (3/10) at base of left ear only. Recently treated 4 bronchitis. Causes?	Viral illness More than likely your symptoms are due to a viral illness illness.
1196568	Wbc 3.5, RBC 3.79, hgn 7.6, hct 25.3, MCV 66.8, MCH 20.1, mchc 30.0, rdw-sd 42.8, RDW 17.7, plat 458?	Anaemia You have what is called a microcytic anaemia, which means you have a lower than normal number of red blood cells and the cells themselves are smaller than normal. There are several possible causes, but among the most common would be iron-deficiency or an inherited abnormality of haemoglobin production such as thalassaemia. Your doctor can test for these. And thanks for the very complete data.
404178	Could I have cervicitis? In january i took antibiotics for chlamydia. I felt fine and cured but had some vaginal itchiness. (i did not have sex for two weeks and took a one dose prescription, so i followed everything correctly). I went in to get re-checke	You You should definitely be reevaluated by your doctor. You could be dealing with a bacterial, or yeast infection, and possibly even an std that is causing irritation and bleeding of your vaginal mucosa (tissue). Also if there is a possibility that you are pregnant, please take a pregnancy test. Take care.
1375172	Dermatologist told frequent ejaculation i did (my age18 male) increase testosterone production increasing DHT level cause hair thinning/baldness in me?	Myths? I am sorry to report but your 'doctor' has given you inaccurate and untrue myths. This 'physician' told you myths that are completely untrue and repeatedly proven to be false. I would avoid any further contact with this physician. They do not have your best interests at heart. Masturbation does not in any way have any correlation to hair loss. Period. True. Scientific.
6693872	I am having a burning pain on my lower back right side. Also behind my right knee to my heel hurts, plus my right leg jumps uncontrollably and painful. Sometimes it hurts to walk and I am unable to get comfortable nor sleep. What could this be?	Sciatica It sounds like a pinched nerve. You should seek medical attention for further testing.
6779710	My 2 weeks old girl has Cong. Bila. Cataract. TORCH igg test results: Rubela and CMV positive, HSV and TOX Neg.TORCH igm : neg. is this the reason?	Congenital cataract Congenital rubella is a well known cause for congenital cataract in babies. I hope by now you had your rubella or MMR vaccine. Good luck to you & your baby.
1599662	40 years old woman with chronic pain in left shoulder+ left breast pain becomes worse during  period and ECG+Echo are normal, is it breast cancer?	Need mamogram/ultra This can be a number of things. breast pain is not a common presenting symptom of breast cancer, but can occur. breast pain during menses is common due to enlargement of the breast ducts during the estrogen surge. I would have a mammogram or ultrasound if you have a painful lump, although this is usually due to fibrocystic disease
1213002	Hearing & feeling pulse in head for 3 months.  Mri/mra, head/neck angio all neg.  Pressure sensation with high pitch noise continues.  Where next?	Might be inner ear With imaging normal, high pitched noise may be from inner ear problem, discuss with your doctor.
1139826	My 2 years old daughter have symptoms of common cold .Serious nasal congestion, runny nose cough, sneezing , chest congestion.No fever.What 2 do?	Not much Gentle suctioning of nose and running humidifier especially during the night will relieve the discomfort. Otc or prescription "cold meds" do not make much difference. Seek a medical attention if she develops heavy breathing, fever of over 101f, or fussiness.
899158	Sore hard nipples and mild breast tenderness some heartburn as well and no period. What do these symptoms sound like?	Hormone changes Usually such changes occur due to high hormone levels and will leave with onset of menses.
6779718	The doctor gave me acyclovir and methylprednisolone for shingles can I take 1 tablet of oxycodone acetaminophen if I have little pain still there.	Acetaminophen Avoid taking oxycodone. Use acetaminophen, if that is not enough, consult your doctor.
1337959	I have been prescribed amoxicillin 500MG by my dentist for an infection caused by a cracked tooth. I am breastfeeding, can this hurt my baby?	No The penicillin class of drugs including Ampicillin are considered safe in pregnancy and while breast feeding. Occasionally side effects may be seen like loose stools in the baby but are infrequent and transient. Good luck.
93856	Is there any laser treatment for acne scars?	Acne Scars There are a variety of treatments available now for acne scarring including laser, fillers, dermabrasion and surgery. Treatment options vary depending on what type of scars you have. You would be best served by visiting your dermatologist to discussed what method would work best for you.
714550	When you get genital warts removed with liquid nitrogen, will it leave dark spots on the skin.?	Possibly Ln2 treatment can cause discoloration at threated sites , either darkening or lightening. If discoloration does occur , in many cases that can resolve spontaneously in time.
182234	How long is  the coxsackie virus/hand, foot, mouth contagious 4? Is just when they r running a high temp or until the rash disappears?	Not a big worry Hand-foot-and-mouth-disease is a viral rash caused by an intestinal virus (coxsackievirus). It is thought that infected individuals can shed viruses for up to 4-6 weeks. Keeping kids out of school is not generally recommended as the infection is generally self-limiting and is rarely serious.
1183406	I'm being treated for rheumatoid arthritis the pain is getting worse toes, ankles, feet, hands, fingers and wrist. My RA level now 176 is this normal?	See Rheumatologist You should see your rheumatologist or request referral from your pcp if you don't have one. There are many treatment options for RA and you might have to try several different types alone or in combination under the guidance of the specialist to find the most effective one for you. Take care.
277886	I have the mirena and for the past week or two I have been having some mood swings breast tenderness fatigue frequent urination and a negative pregnant ?	Ovarian cyst? You are describing a constellation of symptoms that could be due to an ovarian cyst which could be making excess progesterone, i. e. A persistent corpus luteum cyst. It is not harmful to your health, but it could take another 2 to 4 wks for the sxs to fully subside. The best way to make a definite diagnosis is to see your physician and have an us.
6702840	Had a clean EMG on right side body, but twitching is more active on left. The right side twitches as well, just less. Is this enough to say no ALS?	ALS is not likely ALS diagnosis is unlikely. 'Twitching' is the least specific symptom and if there are no other symptoms, the diagnosis could not be made at this time . The normal EMG and your age further suggest that this is not likely ALS. If you have symptoms besides the twitching, consulting with a neurologist would be suggested
1354802	I've been having high blood pressure since a week ago my doctor found that I have 1 stone in each kidney of 3mm. could this be causing mi HBP?	Stone and BP Kidney stones do not cause high BP unless the stones are big and block the flow of urine so severe that the kidney is failing.
1151708	Four cortisone injections in two years time.No scans.My hand and fingers getting numb, abnormal pain in elbow. Tennis elbow or pinched nerve?Thank you	Not clear Pinched nerve in the neck can cause arm and hand pain, numbness, weakness. Tennis elbow typically causes elbow pain and weak hand grip. It is unclear where you were injected. Your doctor should be able to sort out whether this is a neck/nerve problem, or an inflammation of the elbow.
903957	My daughter had a supracondular fracture of the elbow 3 months ago.  This morning she cried saying that her arm was heavy and sore. Her wrist is puffy?	Fracture Check with her peds ortho. Doc. Asap. May be something abnormal happened with regard to healing of the fracture.
6743577	Tender spot on head no headache. Hurts when I pull the hair on it. Just noticed today. Was not there yesterday. Small spot when hurts when touching?	Wait Could be a number of things. Acne lesion, bump, folliculitis. Wait a few days, keep area clean. If persists, see MD.
6613384	After I had the flu in December,I started having sinus congestion, even more when I lay flat I have a lot of pressure n pain. The discomfort has traveled to my right ear as well and my eyes. Advise:)?	Sinus All the mucous built up from the flu might've turned into a sinus infection. Get checked out to confirm.
1130692	Lots of gas and bloating after eating and sporadic bowel habits. Formed to soft to diarrhea. Sometimes pains in stomach. Been going on 1 year.	Lactose intolerance If not, irritable bowel. See a gastroenterologist.
781132	I'm taking vaccination agains hepatitis a and b. My first course was yesterday, when will be the next course?	At 1 month and six Months. Then titers if you don't convert the antibody.
619792	Had a knee meniscus atrhroscopy 3 months ago; though mild,  the pain and swelling still continues. Is this normal? How to accelerate the recovery?	Need more informatio You said you had arthroscopy, but was it just arthroscopy or arthroscopic surgery and if so what was the surgery for.Was there a tear in the meniscus and which one recovery depends on what the diagnosis was and what was really done, you should go back to the orthopedic surgeon who did the arthroscopy and have it checked, meanwhile rest your knee and use a knee brace.
1117123	For what reason can't a dentist simply remove the second molar just before the wisdom tooth instead of removing the wisdom tooth that is impacted?	Common Sense It's common sense to remove a tooth that has shorter roots, is difficult to keep clean, and is prone to cavities. Why remove a healthy second molar? The impacted tooth may never erupt correctly into the space, and will not occlude correctly with the opposing dentition. It's also the standard of care.... Second molars are extracted only when hopeless.
1577093	Headache, feeling dizzy, low mood, very tired, faint, came off period 2 days ago. Is this something I should be concerned about?	Call your doc. Certainly sounds like you may be having hormonal issues. Check with your gynecologist. There are several problems that could be causing these symptoms and they should be attended to.
1406533	I am 5 days late on my period.some cramping and ovary pain I've been stressing a lot since. now I have a low grade fever of 99.3 ...pregnant?	Pregnancy There is no good way to diagnose an early pregnancy on symptoms alone. If you have had unprotected sex and not had a period, you could be pregnant. A test is needed give you the answer on pregnancy status.
855550	Vaginal discharge, white, no smell, lumpy. For years dr thought it was yeast, yeast meds don't help. Test results show no yeast, stds, bacteria, etc.	Might be normal A vaginal discharge that doesn't itch, smell or is copious is probably normal. There are ways to test(lab) for infections in the gyn md's office.
350869	Is it safe for me to travel after laparoscopic surgery for endometriosis?	Yes The only risk is missing an injury caused by the operation. After a few days, most injuries such as injury to bowel, bladder, or blood vessels will have become evident. If you are doing well several days after surgery, you can travel without worry.
1319311	Day 4 after Hydrocele surgery, scrotum is the same before surgery. Hydrocele feels and have same size like before. Is it normal or is something wrong?	Post Op This question, while valid and important, cannot be answered by anyone other than the surgeon who performed the surgery. You were given specific instructions for the post operative period and when to contact your surgeon. This sounds like a post operative complication and your surgeon must be made aware of your concerns.
6709225	30yrs numbed in arms and legs, head pressure dizzy tired forgetful collapsed 4 times this week. BP perfect.Symptoms over1yr now What else can this be?	Multi symptoms If not already done, a Neurological workup is recommended, to rule out things like Peripheral Neuropathy, metabolic or systemic causes, etc.
6709550	I have a sore throat,earache ,light headache ....started Monday i dont have fever and now im getting. Muscle aches in mi neck ,shoulder and legs?	It sounds like URI viral or bacterial origin. An ear infection also needs to be ruled out. See your doctor to get checked.
633189	My 5 month old has a cough, doc said lungs r clear and gave allergy nasal spray.   He said its allergies. She still coughing what can I do.	Go back to Dr Nasal spray may help w/allergies, but not so much w/cough. Should get rechecked to see what might be more effective.
6757224	Gallbladder removed 7/30/15. 08/02 her abdomen is swelled with groin/vaginal swelling, pain. Pain along with back-sit, lay, short walk difficult.	Return to hospital You probably have a bile leak and need to be seen Immediately and probably rehospitalized. This can be fatal
945271	I take 60 mg of Vyvanse along with 30 mg of Lexapro daily. What is the likelihood of developing serotonin syndrome? How deadly is it?	Not likely If you are asking if the combination of vyvanse and Lexapro would be more likely than Lexapro alone to cause serotonin syndrome, i would say 'no': vyvanse's effect doesn't involve serotonin. Statistically, use of large amounts of one med or the combined use of several meds which increase serotonin could lead to S.S. A 30mg dose of Lexapro shouldn't - but combining that w. Other sero. Meds could.
1505493	Overweight husband weighing 378 lbs 5"8 and has sleep apnea and high blood pressure how can he loose weight and stop snoring ?	Unless he has a low thyroid level or other medical disorder, the only way he can lose weight is the same as anyone else: dietary restriction and increased exercise, Otherwise, there's bariatric surgery.
294742	I have some severe bumps where you fold your leg. It burns an itches; they look swollen red & like insect bites. What should I do? Help!	As with... ...Most things on the skin, a doctor needs to actually look at this to see what it is. It could be bites, or it could be an infection of the skin (something called impetigo). If it's getting worse and spreading, see your doctor.
1042564	Will is oa make knees swell like grapefruit?Severe pain no walking. Happens often. Not gout.Who do I see?Allergic nsaids aspirin. Plz advise.Thx!	Rheumatologist See a rheumatologist for diagnosis and appropriate treatment. Oa can do this but there are many other possible causes.
799525	If 7 dermatologists said a mole looks fine and used a dermascope, should I rest assured? Most said i could get it off if i really wanted.	Mole If a mole is changing clinically it can be removed and tested . Talk to your favorite dermatologist , seven opinions is a lot , and discuss the best course of action.
508941	My scalp is tender to the touch in some spots on the left side of my head. Why could this be?	Tender scalp There are many possibilities. See your doctor for evaluation. Depending how long you have had it it could be the start of shingles, or temporal arteritis. There could be infection, or folliculitis, or myalgia, or neuralgia.
1583236	I had sinusitis after months of surgery(femur fracture), and an IM rod was installed. How cn someone acquired sinus? Had asthma since 9, 17 now.	Anything that causes congestion, can lead to sinusitis. Most times it starts with a viral upper respiratory infection, or sometimes with an allergy. If the fluid sits in the sinuses, it is a good enclosed space for bacteria to grow, leading to a sinus infection(sinusitis). It is not contagious to others.
1212600	Can brain tumors form on side of head above the ear? Would i be able to feel the tumor by pressing it?	Location of tumors Brain tumors can occur anywhere in the brain, but there are more common sites depending upon your age and family history. Because brain tumors are actually inside the skull, you really should not be able to feel anything. If you are worried about something you feel, have a doctor take a look to start.
1053725	A small lump has come up on my elbow and its really sore and my arm is aching. What does this sound like?	See details It may be an olecranon bursitis or inflammation of the elbow joint proper. Have the elbow evaluated.
290083	Last month my period was just 3 days of brown blood now im moody, have cramps, very tender breasts, nausea, i took 5 tests 3+ and last 2-, what can it be?	See your doctor You should let your doctor help you sort this out.
512588	I keep getting bacterial infections in my vagina, what should I do to prevent it? And what medications should I use to clear up the infection?	Acidify & probiotics Many women struggle with flares of bacterial infections related to times when the ph of the vagina goes up. That is the acidity that is supposed to be at 4. Blood and semen are both about 7. Using a product such as rephresh once after sex and for 3 days after each period can help. At the same time taking probiotics by mouth increases good bacteria in your body including the vagina. Lactobacilli +.
290085	Can my subungual melanoma spread to the bottom of my foot I have a new small brown lump on bottom of foot  looks like a small mole wasn't there before?	Possible Time to see your friendly dermatologist.
1239393	Had laparoscopy surgery for ectopic they doubt. But cudnt find ectopic. What is healing time? They took 3 biopsy, 1 from uterus, 1 from each ovaries.	It varies But generally if in good health otherwise, and the procedure was done less invasively with laparoscopic approach, a week for recovery would be more than adequate. Maybe even a few days for some individuals.
1364055	Sudden heat  sensation like blood flowing feel left leg arm and left side of the head when relaxed BP 130/85 pulse 73 can a pinched neck nerve cause this or maybe blood sugar happened twice in 3 days ?	Pinched nerve Not a pinched nerve. The sensation of heat flowing through the left side of the body is not typical of a pinched nerve in the neck and certainly not a pinched nerve in the back. I would go see your medical doctor for an examination and further testing to determine the cause of the left sided flushing episodes.
398300	Should i be conserned about my stitche i had removed? Oozing and bleeding. No warning from dr. So i wasnt expecting it. Is it ok i had a mole removed on my side just above my hip. I had it as far back as i can remember. Part of the stitches are supposed t	Wound Wound drainage, especially green slime, should probably be rechecked by your doctor asap. May be a wound infection. May be treated with antibiotics and opening the wound to wash it out.
1258483	Pain in left arm and left shoulder. Arm feels numb with sharp pains down to elbow, causing nausea. Pinched nerve maybe? Or something more serious?	Possible Nerve Pinch Sharp pain in the arm associated with numbness is often a symptom of a nerve pinch somewhere along the course of a nerve or nerves. Classically the nerve pinch itself does not cause nausea, but the consequential pain if significant enough can be associated with nausea. Such significant complaints should be evaluated by an appropriately trained health care professional.
397830	I have pressure and pains in my vagina and I have fluttering in my stomach area i feel something fluttering for past 3 weeks I am 25 yrs old I have 2 kids and and I have been on Depo-Provera shot for at lest 3yr i just went off of it 4mouths ago haven't t	If If you think there is any chance you could be pregnant, then please take a pregnancy test. Other gynecological causes can cause discomfort also though so please see your gynecologist for an evaluation. Changes in hormones, from going off the depo, could cause changes as well.
280703	I increased my dose crestor from 5 to10mg then I started having numbness and tingling in feet and hands?	Hence one would Think the Crestor is causing this. Speak to your internist. They may take you off the Crestor altogether and see if symptoms subside. Do not do this by yourself. Discuss it and plan accordingly with your internist.
1486603	Headache, eyes hurt when moved, fever and sore throat. What is this?	You may have an upper respiratory tract infection - viral or bacterial. Sinus pressure? Swollen or beefy red tonsils? Enlarged lymph nodes? For significant sore throat with swollen tonsils / lymph nodes  see physician & get a strep throat test/ culture. If you have Strep Throat, antibiotic therapy is imperative to prevent future complications.
6730698	I have been having this pressure feeling between m eyes. My nose is extremely dry and my thoat dty and sore. Also I habe allergies. Is it sinusitis?	Depends Facial pain/pressure is just one sign of acute sinusitis. Other signs include nasal blockage, fevers, congestion/running, loss of taste/smell, discolored nasal discharge, etc. Also depends on how long you have had symptoms for. 10 days would require antibiotic course. See Allergist or Primary Doctor for further workup and treatment. Good luck.
1486605	Would liver problems show on a CBC? I know LFT/CMP is the standard just wondering if high MCH and high MCV could be liver issues or is it another prob	Poor screen High MCV is concerning specifically for heavy alcohol use, but a savvy physician will check for B12, folate, hypothyroidism, and hemolytic anemia (young red cells are big). If the metabolic profile and physical exam don't indicate liver troubles, probably this sturdiest of organs is okay. Remember that a few percent of healthy folks fall a bit outside of reference ranges.
1554992	My doctor said I have allergies but I don't have the symptoms like runny nose and itchy i have a blocked nose with thick mucous and sore throat colds?	Trust him Well,your doctor examined you physically.You have to trust him.
688948	My hands r swollan, burning in my arm muscle, knees hurt and pain in the balls of my feet. What can I do to stop the swelling and pain? See dr may 1	Not much Not much more than you are already doing. I hope the doc you are seeing is a rheumatologist. Do not let anyone put you on Prednisone before you see the doc. It will alter the physical findings.
830832	I had sex 3 weeks b4 Depo-Provera shot. But been having signs of pregnancy and been having movements lower on my stomach. Haven't had my period. What is it?	Depo and pregnant If you use depo-provera as a birth control method, it works by making the endometrial lining very thin and less likely to support a pregnancy. However, if you took it for < a month, you could be pregnant. You should see a provider as soon as possible to confirm what is going on.
1158227	I had a pea sized swollen lymph node on my neck about a year ago, now there are ones swollen all over neck and I am itchy. What tests to ask for?	See A surgeon. If you have had so many lymph nodes for this long, and they are not resolving, they need to be biopsied. See a surgeon.
1554996	I have had a red streak/dotted rash on my legs, feet, torso, arms and hands for about 6 weeks now. it will fade in  3-5 day. Blood work normal ?	Needs to be seen Rashes really need to be seen in order to make a determination of the cause and proper treatment. Perhaps a HealthTap virtual consult would be helpful, since you can submit photos.
343042	I have to select a surgeon for inguinal hernia surgery. One has lower degree but performs mostly hernias. But lately, too many patients come back with infection. Other has asuperior degree, but mostly performs on upper abdomen and has least post surgical	Research Yourself! Speak with your primary care providers, seek out others who have had positive experiences with their surgeries, if you have family or close personal friends with expertise or experience do factor in their opinions, review data on the surgeons complication or failure rates if you can (data available from many hospitals), interview at least two individuals. A limited scope of practice may be best!
6643527	Achiness in both hips shoulders knees wrists and elbows. Hip pain seems to radiate down to upper thighs. Is this psoriatic arthritis? Also nail pitti	Fibromyalgia Unless there is joint swelling it ismore likely to be fibromyalgia. See a rheumatologist.
1502054	Otologist (to whom my regular ENT referred me) noticed some of my tonsils were not removed despite having a tonsillectomy 6 mo ago. Is this normal?	RESIDUAL TONSILS Depends on the technique used. generally, tonsilectomy removes the tonsils completes. If the surgeon just debulk them or reduce them, you will see some residual tissue. The residual tonsil tissue may become infected or inflamed in the future and require additional surgery. If you had surgery for obstruction, then I don't expect any further problems with sleep apnea or obstruction. Why Otologist?
594932	I have had a stomach virus for four days now. Diarrhea,  vomiting, fever, body ache.  How long should this last? I'm afraid to eat anything. Lost 6lbs	See your physician Most intestinal illness due to an infectious agent is self-limited. Viral infections such as the norovirus, which is most common and accounts for 90% of such illness due to virus, usually resolve within 3-4 days of onset of symptoms. If you are not improving other causes must be entertained and this requires a doctor to get a careful history and perform an exam. Until then drink plenty of fluids.
6721596	Sudden onset of fever, chills, restlessness, sore/swollen throat, constipation, body aches and headaches. Could this be an allergic reaction to food?	No no, sounds like a viral syndrome
1063198	Im 6 weeks pregnant now i had a blood hCG  and it was 400 at the day i missed my period so does that mean i ovulated early or having a female baby?	PREGNANCY Your OB will tell you about your pregnancy. Too early to predict sex. Pelvic U.S. Can help you later.
6774828	Tested for syphyllis chlamydia gonorrea didnt wait full 1 hour prior to urine submitting. does this affect accuracy have sharp pain on both sides abs?	Urine test is valid Despite official advice from test manufacturers to wait a while since last urination, it doesn't seem to make any difference. Most STD clinics pay no attention to time since last urination. Your symptoms don't suggest STD, and probably your chlamydia/gonorrhea test will be negative (and reliable). There is no syphilis test on urine; if a blood specimen wasn't collected, you weren't tested for it.
883781	Hi i had a brownish discharge 4 days ago thus guy put his penis by my vagina but not in it and i'm on the Depo-Provera shot what can this mean please help?	There should be No connection between a penis "near" your vagina and your current problems. If they continue, check w/your doctor. Sperm don't teleport, they require the penis to be inserted in the vagina before they're released.
1086413	For the last two nights my legs have been extremely itchy and it looks like it may be a rash but it only itches at night?	Many possibilities There are many types of rashes. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1445315	Calf cramp and knot feeling that wont go away. Neg ddimer and ultrasound from knee to groin almost 2 weeks ago. Traveled on bus 17hrs. Could be dvt?	Unlikley Negative US ruled out DVT. Likely a sprain/strain. Apply warm compresses, massage and take some form of Ibuprofen if you have no contraindications to this drug.
6642986	I have had swollen glands for over a week, headaches, and a mild sore throat. No fever. My son was diagnosed with strep. Should I see a doctor?	Yes Given the symptoms and the fact you had a close contact with streo it is likely you may have strep. Get checked out and have a rapid strep test performed
1186922	4yr girl cough x 3 week worse at night no infection or virus ear inf past no fluid now allergy med useless tol to antibiotic ped stumped ent? Ideas?	Prolonged cough Some possible causes of prolonged cough can be asthma, post-nasal drip and reflux. Post-nasal drip is commonly caused by allergies and there are a number of different ways to treat it. The first medication does not always work. An ENT can be helpful but is not always necessary to manage it. If you are not seeing a lot of congestion, then it may be helpful to consider asthma or reflux.
1516065	I have hot and itchy ears also neck and body and when I brush my hair I get a sensation I am taking antistamines  which do stop it  ?	External Otitis This is external otitis. You need to get an Rx for antibiotic/cortisone ear drops such as Cortisporin, Don't put heat to the ear. Keep soap out of the ear.
6670990	Can Magnesium, Riboflavin & COQ10 really help treat migraines? I've been diagnosed with vestibular migraine no headaches just dizziness.	Comprehensive Plan Once a diagnosis of migraine has been made, effective management of migraine involves three specific strategies: 1) patient education, 2) nonpharmacological management, and 3) pharmacological (medical) management. See an orofacial pain or headache specialist for evaluation and professional management.
1238848	I have an AC separation in left shoulder for 5 years. Left breast has an aching pain for 8 months.Now shoulder is aching as well. Could this be cancer?	Not likely A proper evaluation would require more history, physical examination and may be some tests. From the information you provided it not likely that the symptoms are due to cancer. It would be prudent to see your doctor.
6749931	Since March PNA.Right ribs ache in and off. I have a lipoma sitting in area where I have the issue. Gallbladder, liver, kidney are fine. WBC fine.wtd?	Vague. What test cleared your liver, kidneys and GB. Any test short of a CT or Mri is non-conclusive. Doubt the lipoma is the etiology.
1606174	Have had dull abdominal discomfort on left side near stomach/ribcage for 2 weeks. Found a spot on my ribs under breast: is sore and tender to touch?	Probably not related You may have a rib dysfunction or gastritis, neither of these would be related directly to a skin lesion. The lesion on your skin most commonly would be from a fungal infection and may benefit from an antifungal cream. If your symptoms are not resolving, see your doctor for further evaluation.
182829	Still suffering from ragweed or pollen; what to do with itchy watery eyes?	Allergy drops You could use an over the counter allery eyedrop such as zaditor. This in combination with cool, moist compresses usually gives relief. If this is not success full, you will need to see an ophthalmologist or allergist for prescription medication. The zaditior drops used to be available only by prescription but are now over the counter.
833355	If 3 diflucan pills prescribed by obgyn doesn't work for "yeast infection" will Monistat work ?	May not be yeast This should be re-evaluated by your g ynecologist. All "rashes" in this area are not yeast infections.
6639997	Negative blood and urine pregnancy test but still late. Is it possible to still be prego or just something with my period?	Hormonal imbalance If the test were negative after a missed period, you are unlikely to be pregnant and the lack of period is due to hormonal imbalance. Consult the website below for more info. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
599574	What are reasons for a hard red bimp on inner labia majora up near clitoris? Slightly painful if pushed. Not sexually active for two years	Skin issue Small bumps in the labia can be a skin infection - like a pimple - or a cyst like a sebaceous cyst, for example. A doctor will need to look at it to tell.
1237393	21yo female, STD free. Small pimple like sore on lower right vulva. Was prescribed clotrimazole with betamethasone. Its been 2 months and no change?	New Doctor? A pimple like sore is not a fungal infection or something that a steroid cream would be best to treat. Perhaps you need to tell the physician that the treatment plan failed or find a new physician with some expertise in diseases of the skin.
1229670	100% sure i'm not preg?Negative blood hCG 6 weeks after encounter(genital rub no ejacul no penetr), nothing on vaginal ultrasound 6 weeks aftr contact	100% sure You are not pregnant. I am 100% sure. You should be as well. You cannot get pregnant without sperm. But, you do not need a doctor to tell you this simple truth. No sperm means no baby.
747614	If a lump in the breast is detected via ultrasound, is the only solution to know if it is benign or not is by taking a biopsy?	It depends Sometimes benign features are so characteristic on ultrasound that there is little chance of malignancy, and the lesion can be safely followed with serial imaging. Otherwise, biopsy is probably indicated.
792755	How can you prevent yourself from getting a kidney stone?	Preventing stones In general you can't always prevent stones. The things that have been associated with prevention is a high fluid intake, limit animal products to less than 8 oz daily, limit sodium to 2-4 g daily, limit oxalate containing foods, limit high sugar and fat content, avoid excessive vitamin c, daily exercise, maintain your ideal bmi, high vegetable fiber and calcium greater than 1000 daily.
1388476	3 spots on my arm- looks like each has 2-3 small bites in the middle with a red rash around them. they are warm & sorta itchy. What kind of insect?	Need more info. Probably a venous insect due to the warmth and redness, but it depends on your exposure to outdoor versus indoor environments, when they appeared, where you live, whether you have pet (that can have fleas) or where sitting on a rock in Texas (fire ant bites), before they appeared. Also of interest are how large the bites are, and history of allergy (bee stings, etc.).
994938	Been vomiting for the past 12 hours with head aches, body aches, low grade fever but no coughing or cold sweats like the flu.  No pcp or insurance	Vomiting You have viral or flu like symptoms. Get electrolye replacement fluid for your vomiting. If your symptoms get worse, go to the er at once for help.
519445	I habe constant leg stiffness nd paun did a lot of blood work and  spine brain MRI  all clear afraid of ALS doc says anxiety  what are chanses 20 yrs?	Test are reassuring Normal test should reassure you if they dont ask yourself why they dont. Pain is not a prominent feature of als.
718731	Pain in throat cough sore throat fever upto 38.1 nose open what's my problem? Flu or bacteria? Plz guide what lld i do?	Infection Could be viral (most likely) or bacterial. Would recommend seeing your primary since these kinds of symptoms have a host of causes.
6773444	I had sex August 14 which was my ovulation day Saturday i bled one day i have cramps,dizzy,bloated, headaches took 2 test neg period in 2 week ?	Unprotected? Repeat he pregnancy test and consult your GYN for a pelvic exam and medication for cramping.
6701229	Is it possible to be hpv positive and not have cervical cancer or get genital warts and just have a strain of hpv?	Yes Yes, absolutely.
1570142	I think I've had Chlamydia for about a year but no symptoms I went to my doctor I was told I was diagnosed with it, will it take longer to cure fully?	Chlamydia no it should not take any longer to cure it. You may want to return to your doctor after treatment to be rechecked for a cure. Discuss this with your doctor.
1031146	Pain starts in hip when pressure is placed, intense pain shoots down the side of my leg into my knee, down the rest of my leg and into my ankle.	depends Depends on what you mean by hip. Can be anything from bursitis, fibromyalgia, arthritis, dependent on actual physical location of triggering area.
319502	6 weeks since lmp, negative blood and  urine hCG tests (this week). What happens if I am given the morning after pill and am pregnant?	Probably nothing It seems certain that you are not pregnant. If unprotected intercourse has occurred within 24 hours and you do not wish to be pregnant, taking the m.A.Pill could be helpful.
1248479	Doc thinks child with alk phos level of 2, 125 is possible celiac disease, is this pretty common in a 17mnth old with diarrhea poor wt gain?	Alk phos level While alk phos may be elevated in celiac disease because of osteomalacicia, the level you are reporting speaks more for a possible bony tumor.
136405	My daughter, age 7, has been suffering from foot/ankle pain and has now spread to knee, calf, elbow, neck, shoulder, hip, fingers   however all her bl?	Obvious arthritis. Apart from pain and inability to do or enjoy normal physical activities, inflammation is damaging to the heart and blood vessels. Because of the rapid spread, and seemingly aggressive nature, she should see a rheumatologist, and if non avalable, at least and internal medicine specialist or her family practitioner.Her prob is not-orthopeadic in nature or fibromyalgia. Too joint specific. Help her.
607379	My ankles , my feet and my legs up to the knees have been swelling up. What could this be?	See a doctor Edema, lymphadema, congestive heart failur, sodium retetntion.
1214352	My lymph glands in my groin are swollen im kind of scared could this be HIV i had got treated for chlamydia on jan 31st and it still didn't go down !	Stop worrying You're a teenaged male. Every teenaged male has a few swollen nodes in his groin, especially if he's one of these lean guys where they're really easy to feel. Mine used to get big every summer from going barefoot. If you want to be checked for hiv, go ahead, but big nodes are a worry only if they're preposterously big, fixed to structures they shouldn't be, or you're clearly sick.
1394284	Past 2 months pain in left side of head base neck. Now I have random pain and numbness/tingling in arms and legs. What's wrong? Symptoms mimic MS	Explanation Although MS can be a tough diagnosis due to vague symptoms, I would doubt your problems are caused by MS. Suggest you have an MRI of your neck, as that is most likely the anatomic location for your issues. Your head/neck pain could be c/w Occipital Neuralgia, and could consider problems in arms/legs due to peripheral neuropathy if neck films are benign.
1398135	Irregular period but maybe 37 day cycle haven't been feeling good like nausea dizzy headache tummy ache etc. Positive OPK but negative hpt. Pregnant?	Probably not. You have some of the symptoms of a pregnancy but your periods are irregular which decrease of your chance of getting pregnant comparing with a woman who has regular periods. Beside you hpt is negative. I would repeat the hpt a week after missing your period.
1596536	21 y/o sexually active girl. My period was late one day, was first brown, and is now clumpy and red. Should I be worried?Pregnancy test neg 2 days ago	Irregular bleed It could be that you had a cycle where you didn't ovulate, but this could also be implantation bleeding from a new pregnancy. It maybe too early to have a positive pregnancy test with the brand name you are using. If you're not using protection, this might be a good time to see your physician for birth control and get a serum pregnancy test.
1337313	Hello, my periods is due on this sunday and i took urine pregnancy test  today and it came back faint positive, what are the chances in blood test?	Quite possible Current over the counter home pregnancy tests are capable of detecting pregnancy before the missed period. The test can be repeated in a week, especially if the period is late
1406625	Tried benadryl, zyrtec & allegra. I get extremely dizzy with brain fog from all of them. Is there anything else to try for chronic idiopathic hives?	Yes Try Loratadine or Xyzal and see if you can tolerate them. Do note that the side effects tend to decrease after you have taken an antihistamine for a week to 10 days.
402751	I have a red bump on my upper back that hurts and never had one before? It looks like a pimple but I have never had a pimple like this.And never had pimples/acne on my back just wondering if it could be a bite or somthing else.	Without Without examining you, its hard to say for certain what you have, but the red, painful lump you are experiencing could be a boil. Boils usually start out as tender, red areas which become hard and then eventually develop a "head" of white pus. Once this drains, the area usually heals on its own. Most of these are caused by staphylococcus aureas, a common bacteria found on the skin. Occasionally, however, the can be caused by mrsa, the antibiotic resistent kind of staph bacteria. Next time you develop one of these infections, start out by applying warm compresses to the area to help draw the infection out. Then, you should see your doctor so that they can drain it, test for what bacteria is causing it and be able to treat you appropriately - sometimes with antibiotics, sometimes just with drainage. If you ever develop fever, chills, or feel ill with this infection, call your doctor immediately. You can try and prevent these infections by practicing good hygiene and using anti-bacterial soaps. Your doctor may have other suggestions for prevention.
402753	Having a yellow discharge when  wipe and up inside when put tissue up vagina of blood. What is it and what can I take? It itches some and some pain?	Without Without examining you and looking at your discharge under a microscope, it's impossible to tell what you have. You should either see your doctor or go see a ob/gyn doctor. Your symptoms could be any one of a number of things including a yeast infection, bacterial vaginosis, trichamonas, or some other infection such as chlamydia or gonorrhea. You need a complete gyne exam with cultures and examination of your vaginal fluid. By doing all of this, hopefully your doctor will figure out what is causing your symptoms and be able to treat you appropriately if there is something wrong. Good luck!
331599	I spotted 20 days after the first day of my last period.Period is now 3 days late and had neg hpt but getting cramps and sticky discharge?	One-time symptoms? A doctor can check to see if there is a medical issue, if a woman has mild menstrual-related symptoms. Many women have some variation of mucus discharge, of periods, or a missed period on occasion. Some women feel normal after a few days, but others have bothersome symptoms and follow-up with a doctor. A urine pregnancy test is accurate if done correctly, after missing a period or 3 wks after sex.
1445907	My left elbow is slightly swollen and it's hard to move/flex my elbow due to the throbbing pain. There's also a small bump of pus. How do I treat this?	Take it to a Dr. If there's pus and throbbing, it's an indication of infection. That's better addressed by a provider who can prescribe antibiotics if needed. Cleaning out the wound incompletely would just lead to having to deal with it later - so go to a clinic or your provider. It's a chance to discover the underlying cause (if not an injury) and deal with that too. Best!
1264363	Hi-blood pressure before, now on beta blockers. Still feeling intermittent funny/itchy-feeling inside left arm, left upper back and left chest.	EKG Make sure to mention these symtoms to your private physician and obtain an ekg. Depending on your age and BP control you may benefit from a cardiac stress test. Notify your physician and schedule an appointment.
1181255	I am 2 weeks pregnant, hCG level 397 with abdominal cramp but no bleeding, is it common to have another blood test after a week as my clinic told?	Yes and no Usually the test is done 48 hours after the first one to document that HCG is rising and is about 2 x higher than the previous test. This means the pregnancy is viable.
1419909	Poor posture/tense when asleep/grind my teeth at night /possible lupus or depression/Slightly low iron how to determine cause of fatigue/Weakness?	Gluten sensitivity? There are many possibilities of what could be the cause. Nutrient deficiencies could be due to malabsorption which could be due to damaged gut cells due to gluten sensitivity. Eat beets and red cabbage for the iron, and try eliminating gluten for a few months and see how you feel.
1419908	Hi doctors.  I need help.  I am experiencing heaviness in my head like something is on it.  There's tightness that causes dizziness.  Need advise.  TY?	Congestion Sounds like sinus congestion. Allergies in the US are bad this time of the year, and I suspect in the Philippines they are bad too. You may have some sinus congestion causing your issues. Try and Over the counter decongestant and if not better see the Dr. best wishes.
6715373	I have a heart murmur and today I got a pain out of nowhere on my left side on my breast some where in that area and I twitch. What is that? Im scared	The vast majority Of heart murmurs are innocent, meaning they are the sounds your heart makes when blood travels through it. It sounds like you are quite anxious. If you are worried, your doctor can check an EKG.
239345	When I swallow, my throat and ears are sore.  I have some phlem, a cough, and occassional headaches. Is this the flu?	Unlikely Sounds most like a cold or sinus infection. The flu, specifically influenza, has high fever, headache and body aches, and a severe cough. It is more like a pneumonia. There is a quick test for influenza that can be done by your physician. Influenza most commonly occurs between november and march.
570931	I have small white/flesh colored bumps on rim of penis and foreskin. Don't hurt, not itchy and not burning. Been there 2 weeks now. And have not grown.Doc said fungal infection.  Hsv1+  any idea?	PPP Likely are pearly penile papules, which are harmless. See: http://pppremoval.Hubpages.Com/hub/pearly-penile-papules-ppp-removal-treatments -- for more information and options on treatment, if desired.
234118	Can anyone be parents with kids with cystic fibrosis?	Can't father Males with classic CF are sterile because of absence of sperm delivering tube. Artificial insemination could be a choice if desired.
687115	I was diagnosed with mono 2 months ago.  Just today, the lymph nodes in my right armpit have become swollen and slightly tender. Is this normal?	Another cause The nodes may be from shaving you armpits with a dirty razor causing an infection in your arm pit.
54962	Can there be chronic allergic sinusitis with only significant nasal congestion and malaise without any apparent mucus or nasal discharge?	Generally not Allergies usually cause a lot of mucus production, but typically aren't very important in people older than 70. Acid reflux that occurs during the night is a much more common cause of sinus inflammation at your age, and usually doesn't cause any nasal discharge. Work with your physician to make sure that your reflux (if present) is optimally controlled.
1026327	Period due on 27.09, but spotting started just 2 days ago! sharp ovary pain on the 20.09, bloating, sore breasts just on that day - ovulation? Cyst?	Common problem Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
6781428	Dr. Recently prescribed me wellbutrin and zoloft for my ocd and depression.  Is this combo safe?	Yes Wellbutrin can raise your blood pressure in doses above 300mg. If you have an eating disorder or alcoholism it can lower your threshold to have a seizure. Otherwise the combo is safe relatively.
764598	Why has my doctor not checked for coronary artery anomolies excercise chest pain.  Had echo, ecg, stress ecg, 24h ecg, bloods. 21 male.	Studies are negative At 21 y/o with the above negative studies, i can say with certainty that you do not have coronary artery disease. I will look for chest wall pain/costochondritis, asthma induce exercise, acid reflux that can mimic pressure chest pain like from the heart, anxiety disorders. Trust your doctor, stay in shape, do not smoke or drink, eat healthy.
1165110	For 6 months my hand, wrist, lower arm have been swollen, then a swollen place on top of shoulder now an very painful place on top of shoulder-no injury?	Need for evaluation It is difficult to provide a meaningful opinion without examining you. Are these afflictions unilateral or bilateral? Is there is redness, itching, changes in skin color, fever or joint pains etc? It would be prudent to see your doctor for a detailed history, physical examination and may be some lab tests.
1186476	Hurt my hand over 3 weeks ago still hurts depending on the type of movement.. There is a lump accross from the end of my thumb what is it?	Could be a ganglion This could be a trauma induce "ganglion cyst". It is not cancerous, but can cause pain and discomfort. Check with your doctor to be sure.
848440	My scalp is very itchy. I have used every dandruff shampoo at the drug store and it makes it worse. I do have very mild psoriasis on my knee and foot. Could they be related?	Simple treatments! If you only have "dandruff sx, " really priasis, you can get a good effect with neutratar shampoos and their knock-offs, on a zinc pyrythione 1% shampoo. I have patients alternate every two days with great results. Ketoconazole shampoo works very well, but requires a prescription. I wager that these will work well!
831539	Would you do CT angiogram in 18 yr old with exertion chest pain after ecg, stressecg, 24hecg, echo, cadiac mri, cardiac angiography, all normal?	No No. Sounds like he has had enough testing.
773146	My son's palms of hands and soles of feet are peeling. No itching or redness. This has occurred several times.. What causes this?	Peeling hands, feet Peeling of extremities may have several causes like after strep infections!, kawasaki disease. Fungal illnesses, psoriasis and a condion known as erythroderma.
6781427	Can bad infection cause cervical lymph nodes swell?having sore throat,runny nose lot of cough and ear pain for 20 days.node is tender and painful.	Yes Respiratory infections can be associated with lymph node swelling. It is usually along the anterior neck and both sides. Lymph node swelling that is more posterior may be associated with mono. Lymph nodes themselves may become infected so if 1 or 2 are larger, red or very tender, this is a possibility. All the best and be examined for any concerns.
1433408	Blood in urine, CT normal, blood work normal, no pain while 'going' but a constant urge to go. Also doc. Unsure about uti. Also abdominal pain. ??	Here are some ... Current concern should be to make sure if having UTI by urinalysis -/+ U-culture. For the constellation of constant urge to go and abdominal pain, please collect & bring the info on the onset, degree, duration, interval if recurrent, & progress of your symptoms with their detailed sequence of events over time to Doc for analysis, physicals, possible tests, etc. so to deduce possible Dx for Rx/care
1201567	Lower abdominal pain, lower back pain, intermittent flank pain, afebrile. Esr 28, CRP 9.4. Negative urine culture, chem 12 & CBC w/diff normal. ?	No It is never normal to have pain. Consider having an abdominal ultrasound and gynecological examination..
991025	I have passed over 100 kidney stones.What can I do to prevent more stones in kidneys.	Catch a stone Try to recover a stone after you pass one. Take it to a urologist and they will find out what it is made of. Most stones are made of calcium oxalate. Diet changes, drinking plenty of fluids and diuretics can help prevent them . Sometimes they are caused by parathyroid tumors. Other types of stones are made of uric acid. The key is learning what kind of stones you have.
1366522	Had a swollen lymph node on the side of my neck and small one behind ear for over 4 years. Not bothersome. Not growing. Normal blood tests. Cancer?	Not to worry One can never rule out cancer unless the lymph node is biopsied. However a lymph node that is painless and not enlarging is most likely a reactive lymph node or calcified lymph node as a result of a prior infection in the area. If the lymph node enlarges or becomes painful I would advise you to have it examined by a physician.
882785	Is an ejection fraction of 50% on echo anything to worry about? Have sinus tachycardia when standing / after meals and pvcs/pacs.	Low normal It is low normal your tachycardia may be causing the slight drop, a repeat echo may be advised in the future to make sure there is no further decline especially if you develop symptoms. Talk to your dr. To see what is causing your tachycardia, pvc, get a holter, u may need further intervention.
597183	I have crampes & pain in my ovaries & uterus on day 6 in my late period with brown discharge, i had severe pain before my period. Is it normal?	Maybe a problem It sounds like you are having pain, period that was late and odd brown discharge. This could mean an infection or a cyst, for instance. Get this checked out.
992053	Was having 2 fibroids(5*5-submucos&intramurai) miscarried b4 at 23 wks.Aftr myomectomy now again pregnant 12wks.Wht wer the reasons of my miscrge?Fibroid?	Fibroids If you miscarried at 23 weeks, you may have had other reasons for the loss that need to be evaluated. Unless the placenta implanted directly over these fibroids, they may not have been the cause. If you had a myomectomy and are now pregnant beyond 12 weeks, you may be okay but should be followed closely for other causes of 2nd trimester loss.
6744124	My turbinates in my nose have been swollen for a year non stop. It makes it hard.to breathe out of my nose, what causes them to swell year round?	Allergic rhinitis. Take some antihistamines failing which see an ENT MD
580616	How can I stop snoring? I take nasonex every night  before  bed but it doesn't help!	Oral Appliance There are a number of oral appliances made by your dentist that pull the tongue and jaw forward to treat snoring and/or sleep apnea. You should discuss the snoring with your primary md first and get screened for sleep apnea.
714767	Red spots with small white heads on arms chest and legs they are not sore but are annoying me but i've also had a temperature and been feeling sick?	See a Dermatologist See your doctor or a dermatologist since fever could mean an infectious process going on.
6745838	I have a bug bite in the center of my left elbow. The bite is large red swollen and sensitive. The bite is not as bad now but what should I do?	Hydrocortisone cream OTC, would help, also cold compresses, give it time though, you will be fine, but any clue about the bug?
6644466	Had strep throat a month ago took amoxicillin, went back to doc after dosage, still had it. Got z-pac.Finished that week ago lymphnodes swollen normal?	Mononucleosis? Have you been tested for infectious mononucleosis (mono)? Strep throat is often present at the same time. Amoxicillin always is effective aginst strep, and even without treatment, strep would clear sooner -- but mono can last a few weeks, with sore throat and lymph node inflammation. And mononucleosis is common at your age (19). Discuss it with your doctor.
1474772	Discongenic disease at L5-S1 and slight disc  desiccation at L4-5. Mod cen can sten. throut l.spine. Mod deg. Or neural foraminal sten at L4-5 L5-S1.	Central stenosis Sounds like you might consider surgery in the future if pain is significant or numbness, weakness, bowel or bladder problems. See Orthopedics for pre-op advice.
571687	Light period last week: feel bloated, stomach extended, lower back cramps, tender breasts, cramping, home pregnancy test and doctor blood test negative?	Not pregnant If your home pregnancy test and blood pregnancy test are negative you are not pregnant. Consider seeing a gastroenterologist for your bloating or a primary care doctor to address all of your other symptoms.
1498408	Period a month late, I never cramp but have been the last two days. Breast are also sore and swollen which is unusual. Two negative test 2 weeks ago?	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
551792	I have moles on my scalp - should I see a doctor or a dermatologist to have them removed?	Decisions It would be a good idea to have a dermatologist examine the moles on your scalp, but they do not necessarily need to removed unless they are suspicious in appearance or they are causing you symptoms of pain, burning, or itching.
588450	I have a bunch of painless red pimples on the head of my penis i don't think its a STD so how do I get rid of them and what's the cause of them?	Penis The only way to know the significance of these lesions is to show them to a physician.
1209022	What is a quick way to get rid of a common cold with a sore throat, runny nose, sneezing, and head/body aches?	Viral URI Stay in bed, drink lots of fluids (chicken soup is said to be good), take otc products to relieve symptoms and time and patience will be rewarded with your improvement. Not much else will work.
6759446	Does a mole on on skin (from childhood) that changed to 2 different colors mean melanoma in 40 yers old?	Possibly Any change in a mole needs to be addressed. Make an appointment tomorrow with your doctor or a dermatologist or surgeon. This requires a biopsy.
912343	I just love how nyquil knocks me right out and so much easier than trying to go to sleep normally. It usually takes me like 1-2 hours to fall asleep n I don't know why? Ideas?	Sleep medicines Medications such as nyquill can accumulate in your body and go on to develop morning tiredness. Try melatonin, a natural substance that your brain produces to regulate your sleep cycle. It does not accumulate and most people will sleep through the night.
586615	7 mnths ago I have been exper lower back pain, urine culture shows staph species 4 weeks ago, i took antibiotics like genta, cipro, amoxil, yet no change.	Not due to infection Then it is unlikely your back pain was related to a urinary tract infection. A musculoskeletal cause is more likely.
1486821	Anti Thrombin 3 deficiency had achy calves now getting sharp shooting pain from upper inner thigh to knee, worried if sign of another dvt?	Yes You are at high risk of forming deep vein thrombi given your pro-thrombotic state. CAll 911 and go the nearest ER immediately for evaluation.
919869	I am 6w 4d pregnant. Ultrasound showed no heartbeat. The size of the fetus is right and hCG levels are over 41000 I have very light bleeding. Worried!	Ask doctor Sometimes early in pregnancy the fetal heart can be difficult to visualize with ultrasound. Your doctor should be able to give you best advice as to the status of your pregnancy. Good luck!
1429380	What is the best way to treat and prevent a reoccurring male yeast infection? I get them randomly but also after sex, but my partner doesn't have one.	Sugars It very well may be a sugar problem. Cut out all simple sugars in your diet and see if this helps. Yeast is not a sexually transmitted infection.
1367743	My period lasted 4 days but it was super light now 4 days later I'm cramping have pink spotting when I wipe, sore breasts and fatigue is that normal?	Schedule follow up Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
592830	What can a 21 yr old female have just started having seizures in sleep stops breathing  gasp and wakes up with severe tingling head aches?	Also sleep apnea You may be experiencing the symptoms of nocturnal seizures which are not well enough controlled. Also, be sure you don't have obstructive sleep apnea, which can cause gasping for air, nighttime awakening and headaches upon awakening. It shouldn't cause the tingling sensation though so be sure your seizures are well controlled.
1214134	I have complex septated cyst on ovary-found last april while pregnant. Had tv ultrasound again and midwife wants to wait another 3 months. Is that ok?	Watching OK If the cyst does not have solid components, marked wall thickening or extensive flow, follow up in 6 months likely fine.
322197	I fell 6weeks ago heard a pop in my ankle. I am still experiencing  burning pain down the side of my leg and knee pain. I have been wearing a "air walking boot", could I have torn a ligament or tendon?  I am still experiencing a lot of pain and still cann	Yes, get it checked With immobilization you should have been displaying signs of improvement. I would suggest having it examined and possibly having further diagnostic tests such as a ct, MRI or ultrasound to evaluate the soft tissue. Radiographs (x-rays) only highlight the bones and joints. Not only could you have a soft tissue injury but the burning you are feeling could be impingement of a nerve in the area.
1488720	What are the chances of seizures if i take 100mg tramadol and 10/325mg hydrocodone/apap together for first time if i have no history of seizures?	Too much That is too much pain medicine to take at one time. Did your doctor recommend that?What pain do you have?How severe?It sounds like you need to see your doctor again for the pain.Good luck.
1456242	I just had two teeth extracted. The site are swollen and painful but improving. The sore throat is getting worse. Thoughts?	Sore throat you need to be seen and treated for sore throat.
559741	Iv had 5 doctors and one says I have TMJ amd fiur say its glue ear could it be both and my dentist can feel my jaw is clicking?	TMJ - Jaw cracking You seem to have a tmj/muscle dysfunction problem that is treated by a dentist. Select a dentist that routinely treats TMJ with functional orthopedic type appliances. Many dentist treat tmj, however only about 5% are really good at it since they routinely are familiar with several options in treatment.
75354	Are there non steroidal and non surgical treatments for a l5-s1 disc hernia?	Yes Most (>90%) disc herniations will get better on their own without surgical intervention. Rest, gentle stretching, judicious use of nsaids and time will heal most of these. When they don't improve or worsen then you may want to go to the next level and seek further non-operative treatments. Surgery is really the last resort.
1458372	Wasp sting yesterday upper R arm, area very red/swollen/itchy today (3in diam), some wheezing, SOB, dizziness this AM - delayed anaphylaxis?	Rare but possible It is exceedingly rare, but not unheard of, to have delayed anaphylaxis to a sting, and the mechanism, of course, is unexplainable (theoretically, perhaps, T-cell mediated anaphylaxis to peptide components). Regardless, you should be seen urgently for a proper assessment of your airway, and treatment as indicated. A referral to allergist should be the next step.
1379128	Should i take ECP as a precautionary measure eventhough no sperm was deposited inside my vagina though the semen touched my labia minora?are they safe	You can Use over the counter Plan B if sex was within 72 hours to decrease the risk of unplanned pregnancy. External exposure is low risk for pregnancy
806067	Boil on my knee is causing me to burn up! it gots my knee all swollen and red. Any ideas?	Get it evaluated This needs immediate attention. A boil is an abscess and it may need to be drained. See an orthopedist asap.
489717	What conditions involve dizziness,  headaches, stiff neck, shoulder pain and nausea, fatigue had this since i was 3 i get severe dizzy spells?	Too many options This could be a result of too many different things. This really nees to work out. I am presuming that if you were having all of these symptoms since you were 3 years old, you were worked up as a child? I would talk to your primary care doctor or a sports med doctor or a rheumatologist.
1231237	Following 3 back to back viruses & ear/sinus infection, i now have a cough lasting 2 months. Is this still acute bronchitis or is it now chronic/copd?	Not chronic or COPD Unless you've been exposed to some toxic fume/vapor/smoke for many years, you don't have copd. Your cough isn't yet chronic, another month it will be. The cough could be reactive (like asthma), coming from a postnasal drip or another sinusitis, or from the chest as in a bronchitis that lingers. See your doctor so you can get your lungs checked.
870915	I have a raised bump on my thigh that looks like a blood spot its sore if scratched and bleed bad when cut by accident, this appeared quick on skin?	Have it removed This lesion sounds like a pyogenic granuloma, which is a benign growth that is fragile and bleeds easily but won't go away on it's own. It can be removed surgically and generally does not recur.
1462314	My vagina smells like onion. I already take probiotics & UTI pills. Can I shoot yogurt in vagina & leave overnight for healing since might b infection?	Not a good idea yogurt itself act as media for bad bacteria growth , You need right treatment not self treatment ,see your gynecologist after examination and culture , you will get the right treatment .
1258266	Can EBV or mono cause a positive HIV text or false/positive reading?	No I've not seen any evidence that mononucleosis or ebstein-barr virus infection can produce a false positive HIV test.
1411813	10 days post ovulation via hCG shot! Breasts sore and bloated and tired! Hcg or pregnant? Also having small cramps!	Unknown Unfortunately, early pregnancy cannot be determined on symptoms alone. However, if a period is missed, it would certainly be a reason to have a pregnancy test done.
323383	I have femoral neuropathy after having simple arthoscopic knee surgery. My doctor tells me it's from the nerve block?How common and long this last?	Yes thats a definite possiblilty; it could last weeks; you may have to f/u with a neurologist let your anesthesiologist know as well
674481	Male, 32, has for 1 year had itchy rash pop up on feet, elbows and legs. Goes after treating with dipropionate cream; returns after 1 wk. Suggestions?	Eczema or psoriasis If it is on the outside, or tip of the elbow, it is more likely to be psoriasis. If it is on the inside of the elbow it is more likely to be eczema. They are both steroid responsive but make sure you take long breaks from the steroids, and use moisturizers to reduce your chance of permanent side effects. The side effects include skin atrophy, spider veins, striae, and hypopigmentation.
1375343	How long should it take for a yeast infection to resolve after taking 150 mg of diflucan? I've taken it and Monistat 3 and still have a little itching	2-3 days If you truly have a yeast infection, most patients get relief 2-3 days after treatment is completed.
6707647	There's a a little lump on my pierced ear lobe on the back  what is this? And when i put in a earring yellow stuff comes out	Ear lobe yellow stuf Sounds like an infection. Better go see your primary care doc about this. May need to see an ENT for lancing and antibiotics
1216868	I have been bleeding from my butt. No hemorrhoids, no tears, no constipation, it's coming from inside. It's bright red.	See a doctor ASAP You should see a doctor asap. You may be bleeding from your lower colon or rectum.
289579	Itchy shins with pimple like bumps that are sore  and  clear liquid  running from them when popped?	Folliculitis You might have folliculitis but it could also be a eczema. See your dermatologist for the exact answer.
999499	Leak sperm from the entrance of vagina can get you pregnant?	Sperm in the vagina Or at the entrance of the vagina (leaking in or leaking out) may lead to pregnancy.
1575860	Havin chest n arm pain on left from 4 months hv been to doc got xray blood test ECG BP every thing is normal doc says it's muscle strain? I'm 18	Consider seeking a second opinion or visiting a different physician. Four months of arm pain in such a young man may need further investigation. It is common practice to first investigate with simple testing methods.
327101	Red bump on labia minora. Doesn't hurt or itch too bad only when irritated. Never been sexually active in any way. ?	A Bartholin's Cyst It is very ikely that you have a barthoin's cyst--it is typically not an infection but can be caused by infection which blocks the gland/duct, thus collection of fluid (swelling) to cause the "bump. " this can be size of a pea up size of an egg. If not bothersome, no treatment needed. If infected, antibiotic maybe needed and cyst may need to be excised. Consult your doc. Good luck.
1066798	Can a bed wedge help reduce snoring?	May be A good exam at pmd will reveal the cause and better solution.
1199082	I'm 16 years old and I have sore breasts but they also feel like they have gained 10lbs. I'm sexually active but I don't know if i'm pregnant or not.	Take a test It's possible that you may be pregnant especially if you are experiencing these symptoms. Check a home pregnancy test to confirm. Home pregnancy tests are very accurate, inexpensive, and easy to perform. If you don't have access to one, see your doctor and get it done in the office.
1416285	What do you suggest if my eyes have been red, itchy, and watery for the past 2 weeks.?	Red watery itchy eye s can be due to allergy such as pollen or infections, usually viral. There are a variety of other more esoteric causes as well. To know for sure, get an exam. In the meantime irrigate with over the counter non preserved tears. Chilling drops in the refrigerator may provide extra relief. If there is allergic conjunctivitis, then several excellent medications are available by prescription.
1199088	I have sgot 1061 and sgpt 1116. Done all tests for hepatitis. All negative. No jaundice. And i also don't consume alcohol. So wht can b the reason?	Fatty liver You have life threatening liver disease. There has to be something you are eating, medication you are taking, or obesity and fat deposits in the liver. Please get this figured out.
1360299	I'm 36 weeks 2 days pregnant with twins and my legs are swollen from my upper thighs all the way to my toes. It hurt to walk and bend my knees.	See your OB You are probably seeing your OB weekly now, and they should be monitoring you for toxemia. If you are not developing it, this is exaggerated pregnancy swelling, due to the enlarged uterus carrying twins. You need to elevate your feet as much as possible. Drink lots of water to flush your kidneys. If you have access to one, just floating in a pool can lift the babies up off your pelvis.
1577426	Hi doctor, had calcium score of 129 in 2006 ,should I have another ? total cholesterol 3.3 ,BP 120/80 ,last angiogram minimal plaque ,2012.	Imaging focus on controlling modifiable risk factors as much as possible, repeat imaging with ionizing radiation offers no discernible or proven benefit and may have cumulative downside. plaque however minimal will progress, I suggest you add a high potency statin, beta blocker to your aspirin and ACE inhibitor.
1577421	I have a question and nobody seems to answer me, 23 /m left hand, arm, leg, foot sometimes ate weak and shake , also have twitching all over ? Als?	Neurologic symptoms The symptoms described suggest a neurological disorder. Have your doctor work with a neurologist to get to the bottom of this.
492763	I have a grape-sized lump in my neck below my ear, just behind my jaw. It moves when i push it around. What is it? Should i be concerned?	Swollen lymph node This is likely a swollen lymph node, a sign of an infection.
6768292	Is it possible to have Crohns disease without diarrhea and weight loss? Could someone with Crohns present with constipation and IBS-like symptoms?	Absolutely, yet be careful to not just to labels (diagnoses) which are not correct & potentially misleading/harmful; a common issue. Crohns is an autoimmune disease, i.e. the individual is attacking their body via their immune system. As integrated Soul?Mind?Brain?Body creatures, consider all the potential implications & possible approaches, not just incomplete body mechanic ideas/issues; usual medical approach.
753895	I had knee surgery 4-5 weeks ago to repair an osteochrondal fracture, and my foot is swelling. What does it mean, an what should I do?	Speak to ur surgeon Any area downstream of an injury or surgery is susceptible to swelling in the short term. The increased swelling around your knee can slow down the blood flow coming from your foot resulting in swelling. Also, decreased weight bearing and movement in that leg slows fluid return form the foot. This is most likely, but speak to your surgeon immediately to rule out other causes like a blood clot.
377124	Continued numbness right hand, thumb and finger beside thumb stays numb and finger has been for months.	Nerve irritation Sounds like you have a median nerve irritation, possible carpal tunnel syndrome with the fingers/thumb you are talking about. You need to see a dr. And get properly diagnosed and treated. Good luck.
372445	Are there different kinds of needle breast biopsies? My mom says she had a core needle biopsy. is that the same as a plain needle biopsy?	Biopsies Most breast needle biopsies today are "core" biopsies that remove variably sized intact core tissue samples, as opposed to fine needle aspiration biopsies that remove cells and small fragments. There are different types of core biopsies: vacuum assisted and automated "gun" types.
372442	What kind of breast biopsy is best? My doctor wants to do a needle biopsy, but when my sister had that the doctor ended up doing surgery to take out the benign lump. Wouldnt it make more sense to just do one procedure?	Needle biopsy Breast core biopsies are extremely accurate. If a benign concordant result is obtained, you avoid unnecessary surgery. If it is malignant, preoperative treatment planning and a more definitive surgery can be performed, rather than possible two surgeries if there is no preop diagnosis. Don't know the specifics of your sister's case, but in general it is best to get the needle biopsy.
1228246	Cuurently..Pcos...Ovaries -10 cysts on left, 15cysts on right. Stomach swollen/bloated, back pain. Hospitalized recently severe kidney infection.Help?	Likely not related You haven't actually asked a question . .. But these things are unlikely related. Kidney infection (pyelonephritis) has nothing at all to do with pcos. Back pain can go with pyelo, but abdomen swelling wouldn't. If your cysts are large that could give swelling, but even 20-30 small cysts would be un-noticeable. Is there something specific you'd like to know?
6732228	Grape sz lump left side groin not tender unless pressed hard, soft lump sternum area, painful walnut sz lump side of breast left side. Lost 15+ lbs?	See a doctor You have several things going on that could be either all related or completely different. Your best bet would be to have your doctor evaluate it personally and start the workup to determine the cause or causes.
6705646	I've got a cavity in a tooth, may be infected because of the pain, headache, earache, and swollen glands  it's causing.  Can't function without pills.	DDS not pills What you need is a dentist to evaluate the cause of the pain and other symptoms and treat you accordingly. Pills will likely only help you temporarily if at all until it becomes a more serious problem and then with or without the pills you won't be able to function or worse. Serious infections can put you into the hospital and can become life threatening. Call and make an appointment!
6632418	Sore shaky arms with occasional muscle twitches. No weakness though, i tested by picking up heavy objects with both arms. So should that rule out ALS?	Not ALS I suspect benign Fasiculations - a common cause of muscle twitching. You need to discuss this with your physician to see if there are other explanations.
6626331	I had what looked like a hard pimple on the bottom of my foot that I popped and now it wont stop bleeding. Is this a blood blister? what should I do?	Unlikely you may have disrupted a blood vessel close to the skin or it's possible that you have infection or less likely malignancy. melanoma can occur on the sole of foot and be full of blood vessels so unless it looks like it's going away and no longer bleeding, see a dermatologist.
490150	Pain in lower left abdomen, lower bck, bright urine. History of auto immune diseases, lupus, ra, raynauds, on rituxan .Urinalysis no bladder inf. ?	Drug side effect You may only be constipated. Rituxan (rituximab) is a monoclonal antibody used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (ra). Abdominal pain is a common side-effect of this drug. Bowel obstruction and perforation have been reported much less frequently but can be much more serious. Persistent abdominal pain is a symptom you should report to the physician who prescribed rituxan.
1184375	Since i was about 12, now 36 i get ugly headaches, sporadic swollen glands(armpits), (later also with sore breasts) & always tired. Please help.	Cannot diagnose This requires a detailed history (write down all relevant info), and visit to a good family doctor or general internist for a physical exam, possible imaging studies and labs and full diagnostic evaluation. This cannot be solved over the internet and you must see somebody face to face. Good luck.
611318	Can you have microcolitis & gall bladder at the same time?  First prob is gone but have swelling under right rib cage and extreme pain between ribs	See your doctor Right upper quadrant abdominal pain may be a sign of gallbladder disease, but can also reflect other problems as well, such as liver disease, ulcer of the stomach or small intestine, musculoskeletal issues, etc. See your doctor for history and physical exam, and perhaps ultrasound of the abdomen to assist in diagnoses.
6776709	Is it normal after inserting monistat 7 to have severe itching sensation inside my vagina ?  It's so uncomfortable. Because is a little wet also :(	Not unusual Whenever there is irritation in the vagina the tissues are inflammed. Virtually any product will initially increase the symptoms before it improves them. If the symptoms do not improve soon you should schedule an exam.
819995	Spinal fusion l4/l5 2yrs ago, severe pain, ns says screws need to be removed due to inflammation? Mri also shows arthritis, will hardware removal help?	Can't say! Your degenerative arthritis can be quite bad, but you need to be tested for inflammation. I hope you are on nsaids such as Naproxen and also i would recommend Cymbalta before you even consider surgical removal of the hardware!
6726782	Slightly swollen wrist with pain and hand pain.  No injury. Common with Lupus?  Is this arthritis?	Potentially Patients with lupus can have an associated inflammatory arthritis that can cause pain and swelling in various joints. The hands and wrists can definitely be involved. Don't hesitate to let your doctor know this is occurring and there may be medicine that can help.
581709	My cousin is 21 years old and she has disk bulge at three places ( l3-l4, l4-l5, l5-s1). She is pregnant for 3 months. What will be your advice to her?	Pregnancy Back Pain Keep an active exercise program focusing on core strength and only gain as much weight as your doctor recommends.
1498770	I have had the flu since Thursday, my head feels like it's going to explode, headaches, sore eyes, sore face. Now my jaw is incredibly sore??	FLU What is the question? What you are describing is typical flu symptoms but we cant make any comments about your health since you have not shared any information about yourself, not even your age let alone medical history. Please see your doctor.
289168	Burning sensation in vagina that started durning menstration.  No visible rash or itching. Last new partner was a little over two months ago.?	Could be infection Or irritation, or allergic reaction, see your gyn for an exam and cultures.
1396066	I have BC mets to Abdominal lymph ER + and ? Liver? I am not menopausal yet & started Xeloda. Will I always need chemo or can I switch to an AI later?	Ask your oncologist He/she can address and explain why he/she chose one drug over the other. See my response to your second question, next.
850064	My dermatologist prescribed my sulfur and minocycline for my acne when it was cystic. Now it is non inflamed and wondering will sulfur get rid of it?	It could help Sulfur is an ingredient in certain topical medications usually in the form of a cream and/or cleanser. That medication is anti-inflammatory and can help to clear acne but best used in combination with other topical medications and/or oral antibiotics.
289161	On  the  right side of  face noticed a lump  near the bottom of ear lobe .  When i  open my mouth the lump is not felt.  But when mouth lump moveable.?	Cyst This could be cyst or other skin tumor. See your dermatologist
1263022	Had unprotected sex on 3/30 my ovulation day. My period is due in three days, i took a pregnancy test yesterday it was negative. Is it still  early?	Maybe Today's home pregnancy tests are very accurate and not affected by foods, herbs, common illnesses, sexually transmitted diseases, or medications. A correctly done urine test will give a reliable result 3 weeks after sex (or when conception might have happened) or 1 week after missing a period. If done sooner, a positive result is likely real, but a negative result may be due to testing too soon.
1378615	My girlfriend may have tetanus not sure, she cut her self on a rust pipe  Tuesday, and now she is experience a sore throat and neck stiffness help?	Tetanus It usually takes 4-7 days for tetanus to manifest itself. Also, if your girl friend had a tetanus shot in the last ten years she has a modicum of protection against tetanus. See a doctor or go to the ER for evaluation
1457813	I'm sexually active. I have 1 bump that is very itchy & it is on the outside of my vagina, its in the middle section between my legs & my vagina?	Honestly this could be many things, I would see gynecologist or dermatologist for diagnosis and treatment. I am always concerned about STD's but again it could be many other things.
6746554	Imunoglobulins IGA, IgG normal. IgM low- 44- normal 63-277.
tested by Rheumatologist based on joint pain and Raynards.  what is significance?	Occasionally seen Low value here of uncertain significance. Occasionally seen in normal people. IgM typically appears early in the adaptive antibody response to infections. It has addition attributes that distinguish it from the other antibodies, but not sure that it helps in this instance, looking at autoimmune (or "over active" immune) conditions. Suggest run it by another rheumatologist here at HealthTap
218253	How does a doctor perform a mammogram if you have aa cup breasts?	They can do it Even men can get mammograms. The technologist will be able to accommodate virtually any breast size.
513514	Can brain tumor cause aches and tingling to whole body also sleep disturbnces i wake up evey 3 hour.Did spine MRI blood neuro eye tests al ok fibro?	Doubt a tumor Your description is not one of signs from a brain tumor, and in fact, more likely represents a different problem. Fibromyalgia could indeed cause sleep disturbance, pain and aching over all 4 body quadrants, and would not be associated with abnormalities in the above tests. Many physiatrists and rheumatologists focus on such issues, and a number of medications can help you.
772661	My son was diagnosed with hand foot and mouth disease 4 days ago.I have a soar throat, low grade temp, headache my wrists?	Coxsackie Is the virus that causes this disease. It is usually not dangerous for young adults unless you are pregnant. I am not clear what you are asking about your wrists, but if you are very uncomfortable, please see your doctor. The virus itself should pass in under a week.
164599	If I get rid of my genital warts before my due date can I have a vaginal birth?	Why wait Get them removed as soon as possible, they are contagious, but it does not mean that every baby will get infected by vaginal birth.
1494397	Can i be pregnant if one drop of sperm fly away from the ejaculation and came on my vagina lips on 13/8 knowing that i am virgin..last period on 25/8?	No Sounds like you had your period a full 12 days AFTER the encounter - correct? So no, in your case you're not pregnant. But yes, technically one drop can do it. Plenty of stories of 'virgins' getting pregnant without any real intercourse.
1062492	Headaches in back of head near neck/skull, fullness in ears, achyness in jaw especially in morning, some vertigo, i can crack neck-which helps, what is ?	Dont know. Could be simply a misalignment in your neck since cracking your neck helps. The pain in your jaw- could be tmj. Consider several options: discuss with your regular doctor. Also see if there is an upper cervical chiropractor near you. Or craniosacral therapist. Neuromuscular massage can help as well to relax the small muscles that can cause pain. Acupuncture and chinese medicin can also help.
761674	My vagina is itching 24/7 symptoms include, swollen lips, burning when urinating and constant itching. Lancane does not work. It hurts very bad. ?	Vag infection? You likely have vulvo-vaginitis . There are several common causes the most like is infection. I recommend you get checked by a doctor.
798046	For last 3-4 weeks pressure and sometimes piercing in the chest where my heart is sometimes accompanied by dizziness. I'm 23, overweight with BMI 35.5?	? a warning symptom I have heard this many times. It invariably winds up with lots of negative and expensive studies (that should be done). Your brain is trying to tell you something about the dangers of obesity.
27894	What is arthroscopic knee surgery?	See below It is wear 2-3 small incisions are made around the knee so that a small camera can be introduced to view the structures. Thru the other incision instruments can be placed to remove bone or cartilage if needed.
6608980	How to tell difference between c diff recourrance and the diarrhea i get from being glutened (celiac)?	Test for C Diff I think that the simple way to think about this is that the diarrhea that you get after eating, particularly an unregulated diet, is from celiac. As far as Clostridium goes, the timing, approximate to antibiotic therapy and the fact that there is a very accurate stool test that identifies the bacteria and toxin is one important differentiation. Diarrhea from Clostridium is usually explosive
569370	My sgpt 139, sgot 54, GGT 139, trig 253, HDL 59, LDL 242
us scan says liver enlarged. Is this a fatty liver? What should I do? No hep c/ b	Possible. Follow up. Certainly could be. Might also be related to hemochromatosis, alcohol or a drug you are taking. There are many other causes, but they are less common. You should follow up with the doc who ordered your tests.
6760078	Tingling, numbness, and pain in left arm and hand, and in left leg and foot. I am only 16, what could this be?	Anxiety anxiety and stress. Breath deep and slow and relax. Walk,stretch,.if symptoms persisted see your doctor.you are too young for anything serious
1196358	I received the flu shot friday morning and my arm is still swollen, red and itchy should I be concerned?	Allergy To the base or carrier of the medicine component itself is possible. If the area becomes swollen like infected, you get fever, it is painful, the possibility of infection in the injection site is possible. You can use antihistamine and cold compress to the are for now and observe.
301755	Female, 69, knee pain, very active, good health, mri-complex medial meniscal tear with small medial femoral condylar marrow contusion.Surgery only? Thx!	Not necessary....... It will depend upon your lifestyle and how active are you. If not highly active, try conservative treatment like pain management with medication, steroid injection for inflammation and physical therapy for quadricep strengthening. If conservative treatment fails, then reevaluation is needed.
6656569	I recently had surgery the skin around the incision on my scrotum is  itching and peeling this may be jock itch how do I treat the raw skin?	Surgery You should call and have the surgeon who performed the procedure examine this. It may be secondarily infected and you want to be sure that the surgery is not undone by this. Go and chat with them.
1161918	Is it possible to have intense itch mostly arms, buttocks, groin? Under arms neck etc worsening at night not much rash. Not scabies? But always itchy!	Itching See a dermatologist or an internist to investigate the cause of your itching. A complete blood count may be necessary.
321641	Serve stomach pain, above  navel, it was pain, burning, felt like burping with my stomach and ab bloating.  It went on for hours.  Pass no gas. ?	Abd pain Sounds like it could be signs of an ulcer or bad reflux. Talk to your doctor about therapy for either or both, and possibly checking the stool for the h. Pylori antigen to determine if it is an ulcer.
1019841	Am i likely to get facial acne when my sexual partner has it?	No It's not catching. The bacteria that are part of the cause are ubiquitous. If your special person wishes, he/she can be treated effectively. If topical benzoyl peroxide has not worked after two weeks, a physician can give prescription-strength medication.
6757696	my right calf seems to be swollen.With that I have Achy pain that goes behind my knee and into my lower back. No redness or warmth on my leg 
?	Possible clot You need to be evaluated to rule out a blood clot. A clot is a serious medical condition. See a doctor asap.
1199962	Could an inflamed sac near the nose &below the eye cause such horrible pain behind eyes &in the whole head &high blood pressure.Iam taking antibiotic?	Infected tear sac Your symptoms are typical of an infection in the lacrimal sac where tears are collected before they drain into the back of your nose. This is called dacryocystitis. It is very important to have this treated promptly and aggressively to prevent any complications from this infection. If there is no response to oral antibiotics, you may need to be treated with intravenous medications.
661484	I was just told my mono reactivated. My only symptom is sore lymph nodes/head pressure. Does that sound normal? I don't feel sick like the first time.	Usually not Ebv reactivation is usually purely a viral shedding phenomenon, without clinical symptoms of disease. However, if everything else is ruled out, it is as good an explanation as any.
1042172	Bad odor coming from vagina 3 weeks after unprotected sex. Was tested for STD 2 weeks ago. What could this be from? No discharge just smell	Sounds like BV Bacterial vaginosis. An overgrowth of normal vaginal flora. If you've seen your gyn and it's not an std, this is the most likely. It's usually treated with flagyl, but can be hard to get rid of. Unless you're looking for trouble, best to not have unprotected sex.
1599415	Cough sore throat raw chest no fever or body aches at all flu!? Or something else ?????	Possibilities Huge A hugely common mistake is jumping to conclusions in the mistaken belief that a label (diagnoses in medicalese) will somehow result in a fix or cure. Yet this is precisely one of the commonly promoted mistakes which powerfully drive ? costs & ? quality, including within the medical disease industry. Avoid assuming what is Not in Evidence. As Soul?Mind?Brain?Body creatures, possibilities are huge.
1163221	Can a low dose of  blood pressure medicine - along with a benzo cause respiratory problems?	Yes and no Certain types of blood pressure medications can cause respiratory tissue swelling and a chronic cough. Anyone with such symptoms needs to see the doctor for medication changes.
1296173	Do I have a yeast infection or a uti? My urine is dark yellow and it smells weird also I have a small amount of discharge that is somewhat white.	Yes You may have both or either start with otc for vaginal yeast and if no better than go to dr to check for UTI and abx may be needed.
6681021	Why would I have burning in my neck, thoracic spine, shoulders, knees, and bursa hip region? Sometimes I also feel tingling in arms and foot.	Fibromyalgia Is a possible explanation Need to rule out other disorders autoimmune inflammatory myositis good luck sounds like a systemic disorder from the diffuse distribution of subjective sensations
1222519	Can i take trazadon with Zoloft for sleep?	Zoloft/Trazodone Sure, as prescribed.
1222511	Do i still have a change of pregnancy if my hCG levels on my blood test came back "less than 2" five weeks since my last encounter?	No Hcg level of 2, five weeks after the last encounter, rules out pregnancy, provided the test was done correctly.
6787273	Sudden sharp pain in right nasal all the way up jaw line and side of right head and neck. Moderate sharp headache on the right side only. Rt eye pain?	Get it checked out It may be trigeminal neuralgia however it could be problems with your sinuses. See your Physician and get the appropriate diagnosis and treatment
1601509	I've been feeling chest pain & minimal heart burn. Yesterday I felt dizzy & nauseous so I threw up. I've been eating sugars. Is there anything to do?	Chest pain Chest pain can be from numerous reasons, and it's very rare for someone your age for this to be heart related. Most carbs (sugars) cause heartburn in some people. If you believe it's heart burn, then short acting antiacids are best (eg tums).
971085	Flu shot 3 days ago, gas, nausea, runny nose, headache, mild chest pain, weakness, sweating/chills, and dizzy. If not flu shot then what?	FLU Flu vaccine itself can give rise to mild flu-like symptoms as you mentioned here (much easier/ milder than flu itself). Drink a lot of fluid, take enough rest. Can have Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen for aches and fever (no aspirin). Hope you will feel better soon.
971084	I am being treated wtih 10 mg of methimazole and my recent blood work indicates by alkaline phosphatase is 175 (from 131) and AST 24 and ALT 18.  What?	You have most likey Hypertyroidsim and the blood work indirectly indicate increased bone activity ( alkaline phosphatase ) hyperthyroidism is known to cause osteoporosis and when treated its bone effect can be reversed . This is the conclusion i can draw.
1524552	I have tingling/ itching senstation for 3 weeks, In head and body
MRI Brain, blood tests and EMG normal, I had low potassibody what could it be?	Anxiety, see a PCP Anxiety symptoms are not a sign of illness, they are the mind's ability to produce the "flight or fight" response which gives rise to many physiological changes include chest pains, parasthesia, dry mouth, aphasia, tremor and sweating. Depending on the cause of your anxiety symptoms, your health care provider can recommend appropriate treatment.
6614714	Been on Depo-Provera for 8 yrs last shot was in July just started having severe cramping and pain in left ovary and very tender and sore breast not pregnant?	Ovulation if your last shot was in July, then its effects have likely worn awayand you are certainly at risk of pregnancy, so I would get tested first. If you are not pregnant then this pain that you are feeling could be related to ovulation. It's unclear to me if you have a ruptured cyst or a cyst that is twisted. Seeing a gynecologist and getting an exam and an ultrasound would help.
757481	Can blocked sinuses kill you  only as need endoscopic sinus surgery but can't go threw with it due to extreme anxiety ? Help .	Sinus Surgery Hello. Sinus surgery performed in experienced hands is very safe. I'm sure you've heard this but ask your doctor if you are a candidate for an in office balloon sinuplasty. This is done without general anesthesia and very safe. I have performed 5 this past saturday morning and all patients did very well. One who had extreme anxiety as well. Good luck.
6759686	Mum has mild inflamm arthritis, knee pain, knee MRI:"loss of cartilage, subarticular stress + joint effusion" Is this old age or the arthritis?	Osteoarthritis This is likely an inflammatory osteoarthritis. Have her see a rheumatologist.
1397621	If I still have popping and catching after knee chondroplasty of the patella is that normal? Still pain and swelling also	Popping id ok Pain and swelling depends on how far put from your surgery you are. Call your surgeon with your concerns.
399250	My 8yo grandson has severe allergies to pollen resulting in extreme eye itchiness, inflammation, and irritation. He currently takes Claritin upon the advice of his pediatrician, but his eyes still bother him to the extent that he doesn't want to go outsid	There There are specific medications that can be used for the eye symptoms. This should be discussed with his doctor or he should be seen by an allergist who could easily help him.
1520636	I am having intermittent chest pain on my left side. Underneath my left breast. Pain is pretty sharp. Could this be my heart?	Chest pain Among the many possible causes of chest pain are inflammation of muscles or cartilage, reflux of stomach contents, lung disease and heart disease, the latter two including blood clot in the lung and heart attack. Best to see your doctor for complete examination. Sudden onset of chest pain warrants emergency evaluation.
1441666	When you insert the Monistat ball into your vagina is it supposed to hurt cuase it's kinda irritating me and it hurts?	Not usually Although a yeast infection can cause inflammation and discomfort, it usually causes itching, instead of pain. Might be time to see your primary care physician or OB-Gyn for an exam and diagnosis, if no improvement.
1441661	Normekg,stress,echo,holter,blood work.Age28 with no fam hist.Non smoker.Doctor says heart is fine but I still have chest pressure. Heart? other cause?	Probably not cardiac Just curious - were cardiac enzymes & CRP part of the blood work? This is a good number of tests already. Given your age & negative tests, I doubt that you have heart disease right now; but about 70+% of Americans will get it at some point in later life (50s). Chest pressure can be related to acid reflux / ulcers or muscle strain, which may be the next thing to investigate. Talk to your doctor.
6676173	Rt breast pain/burning when pushing underside of breast, 2 when moving. Starts where pressed goes to nipple No lumps felt or fever, noncyclical. Cyst?	Breast pain Breast pain is often related to weight gain, dietary changes, caffeine intake, poor fitting bras or clothes, breast cysts, fibrocystic tissue and others. Schedule a visit for an examination. Since you are 35 the doctor may also order a mammogram or a breast sonogram to better evaluate the area.
1390931	Head pressure. Ears feel full. Feels like sinus pressure but notice hardly any drainage. Been going on about a week now. Headache and fullness.	Sinus pressure Sounds like reliable story of nasal and sinus congestion. Start with daily OTC oral decongestant (Sudafed or Sudafed PE) and an oral allergy antihistamine in addition to your Singulair if you suffer from seasonal allergies. Can also do nasal saline daily irrigations.
363194	If negative tests for bv, chlamydia, mycoplasma, ureaplasma, herpes, syphilis, gonorrea, trichomonas, hiv, what can be causes of cervicitis/urethritis?	Cervicitis Other bacteria such as streptococcus, and allergic reactions or chemical irritants are other possibilities.
1435809	Chest,shoulder,collar bone and breast bone pain and bellow.no heart issue.worsen when bending and movement.which specialist should i go?	Orthopedist If your primary care physician can not determine the cause of these pains then it sounds like you need to see an orthopedist. They specialize in bone and joint pains. Because the pain is worsening with movement, it sounds musculoskeletal. If that is the case then a chiropractor or physical therapist may be able to help relieve the pains.
659918	I am 22, my heart rate gets up to 193 when working out at 80%. Other symptoms:chest pain, shortness of breath, dizziness, and Fordyce spots on lips?	See your doc/cardiol You need to see your doctor or a cardiologist or go to er asap.
1531372	Off late any time i have a severe migraine i get nausea n swollen scalp  what can i do  to  eliminate the swelling.and why  does it swell at all ?	Migraine is a serious and complex neurologic disorder. Unilateral throbbing headache, dizziness, weakness, visual disturbances, blurry vision, nausea, sensitivity to light or sound, paresthesias and even partial blackout may be present during the episodes. The IHS offers specific diagnostic criteria for migraine headaches. See an orofacial pain or headache specialist.
1128004	Lump under arm and sore nipple could this be a sigh of breast cancer?	Hope for the best... ...And plan for the worst. This is probably just an inflammation of your breast. Maybe an infection. It is not a typical presentation of breast cancer. So you do have to see a doctor within the next couple of weeks, but try not to stress too much while proving that this is nothing.
1119776	Pl suggest an antibiotic to cure red rashes on penis with itching sensationthough there was no sexual act for a month.	Penile Rashes Treatment depends on the cause. Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics. Rashes caused by irritants or allergies are treated with steroid creams. Yeast and fungal infections are treated with antifungal medication.
532980	My beta hCG level is 10 miu/ml. Lmp 21st oct 2012. No sexual activity since 30th sept.2012 ... Is it possible that I am pregnant ?	That a low Number. You may have been pregnant and now it's on decline but i'm sure your gonna get it rechecked. It's elevated but may not be do to pregnancy. Get it rechecked and follow up but i doubt it's a viable pregnancy.
772393	If I have a yeast infection should I still start my period on time? And if i don't start could that mean I am pregnant? Ttc	Yes and yes A yeast infection should not keep your period from starting on time. And as in any other women who are usually regular a missed. Start date could indicate pregnancy but not all the time. Women can become irregular at any point of their lives. If you've had recent intercourse and you question this, then a home pregnancy test may be very valuable. However always consult with your physician first.
1583949	Norm. period first 2 days next 4 never this long was spotting and brown discharge.Now 1and 1/2 weeks after, cramping , sore back and my breasts r sore?	Pregnancy? Bleeding for two days with prolonged spotting and brown discharge followed by cramping and sore breasts may indicate pregnancy. Pregnancy may also be in your tube and should be diagnosed immediately. Get a serum quantitative test (HCG) and see your healthcare provider soon to make certain if pregnant, that it is not an ectopic pregnancy.
692344	Recently missed a few days on the pill finished pack as IV ran out period still no show, period type cramps, heavy tender breast, done hpt not preg?	Pregnant? You always have to rule out pregnancy. Get a home pregnancy test. They should turn positive about the time you're a week late. If it's negative, repeat it and call your doctor.
6749367	I participate in oral sex with one partner, and last night I had vaginal itching. There's a raised red tiny bump on the extra skin on my Labia minora.	May be nothing It is too early to draw any conclusions and this could simply be the result of mild trauma. You need to wait and see how or if these symptoms progress.
356527	I'm 8 weeks pregnent. I have been tested to rubella. Serum  for torch IgG came +ve 46.71, IgM came -ve 0.12. How'd i interpret it? Is it safe 4baby?	Antibodies Vaccination against rubella is part of routine immunization. Rubella is a viral infection that can significantly harm your baby if you contract it during pregnancy. Screening for immunity is part of pregnancy care. Igg are antibodies that are mature immunity. They are our long term protectors. Igm are acute antibodies providing an inital response to infection. You are rubella immune! congrats.
491940	Is it safe and if a man urinates inside of a woman's vagina? Or would it cause irritation/infection? Also what if she's pregnant?	Safe sometimes Safe unless aman has an std that can be transmitted. Safer sex means use a condom to reduce spread of sexualaly transmitted diseases, no problems if a waman is pregnant.
1490092	Hard lump in inner elbow and armpit.  Both pea-sized, movable and rock hard.  Appeared about 2wks ago.	Lymph nodes Get examined for infection and evaluation of lymph node formation. This will also require blood testing
496265	I've been on Depo-Provera for two years is it normal to feel period symptoms while on Depo-Provera the cramping, bloating, & spotting its never happened before till now?	Yes Your period symptoms returning can occur while on long term depo. Some patients can even resume periods again.
6653932	I had strep and have had these lumps in my throat for a few months now. Doc says swollen lymph nodes, stress gone. No mono. Still there, any idea?	Evaluation You should have blood test ( CBC ,EBV, CMV) and if all normal ,then you should have Pet CT,and if positive you need biopsy for diagnosis and treatment.
1410507	Do drs check for STDs such as gonorrhea and chlamydia if a CBC is ordered?	No If only CBC is ordered the lab will not check for STD.
1382811	I am on Depo-Provera and recived my shot in may but im jus now experiencing bleeding, light brown discharge and pregnancy symptoms 6 weeks after the shot.	Depo bleeding Depo can cause irregular timed bleeding especially early on. Like most birth control it is not 100% effective. Its more like 95-97%, which means a few women do conceive on it. I would check a pregnancy test to be certain
1237097	I switch from cymbalta 90mg to Zoloft 50mg when i stop the last dose of cymbalta 30mg i get insomnia what could bi the  reason ? And what i do	Cymbalta withdrawal Or Cymbalta discontinuation syndrome. There are various Cymbalta withdrawal symptoms. Insomnia is only one of the many. Hope it helps.
1334633	Red bump on side of foot after sitting barefoot in grass.  slightly larger than mosquito bite and itches.  how to treat it?  ice?  drink water?  thx!	Antibiotic You probably have some sort of bug or ant bite. You topical antibiotic cream and antibiotic by mouth. A mild steroid cream and oral antihistamine will elo stop itching and irritation.
1176256	What do you recommend I do if i keep on getting yeast infections due to antibiotics for my acne/other?	Here's an idea Instead of a systemic antibiotic, a mix of topical benzoyl peroxide and topical Clindamycin might be enough for you -- or topical spironolactone, or the oral contraceptive pill if it's right for you.
6756074	Had my period last week.heavier than usual.I'm sexually active. Pulls out sometimes. Painful cramps 2 days after period that come &go.  Pregnant?	Maybe Only way to know for sure is to check a pregnancy test. They are available at most pharmacies.
6726250	Sometimes my hand shakes and i wondered if i had parkinsons, it runs in my family, should i get it checked and do i need meds, im 54, i drink coffee t?	Get Checked If Parkinson's disease runs in your family then it would be a good idea to get your handshaking checked. Depending on the findings you may or may not need meds. Occasional shaking of the hands is fairly common and does not indicate necessarily Parkinson's disease but you'll feel better if you check it out.
1228806	Elbow suddenly v painful yesterday & now swollen so much i can barely bend arm. Fluid filled bulge, v painful. No trauma or obvious explanation. Help?	Bursitis It is likely to be an olecranon bursitis although an arthritis of the elbow itself is possible. Have the issue evaluated.
771434	I cut myself shaving 3 days ago. It's now red all around the cut and itchy. It's mostly scabbed over and is not swollen or hot. Healing or infection?	Irritation? 2ndary infection can be a possibility as well since your description is difficult without a physical exam. Any enlargement including pustules, redness, swelling, warm may be a sign of infection otherwise.
1385682	Bald spot that grew out after 2 weeks. Now hair started thinning all over for many years and still is. Short hair are coming in but fall when 2 inches?	Telogen Effluvium In a person with telogen effluvium, some body change or shock pushes more hairs into the telogen phase. Typically in this condition, about 30% of the hairs stop growing and go into the resting phase before falling out. So if you have telogen effluvium, you may lose an average of 300 hairs a day instead of 100. B12 shots once a month helps this condition.
1312091	Im 36 weeks 4days pregnant. Today i woke up feeling terrible I have a bad headache , nauseous, and vomiting fatigue, dizziness. Im cramping a bit ?!	Call doctor There are many things that can cause that collection of symptoms in pregnancy. From pre-eclamlpsia to a viral infection. Your doctor will be able to recommend what evaluation you need.
692523	Anal started to itch bad then lightred rash beside groin light red dots around also itchy and burning?	Jock Itch on butt This could be a few non-urgent things, but the most common is most likely a fungal infection. If the red dots spread you need to be seen by your trusted medical advisor.
1219049	How many ml's of metrodinzanole vaginal gel should I use for bacterial infection 0.75%? And i get them all the time i no its not an STD im not active	Need more info I would suggest that you take the oral form (a tablet) instead of a vaginal gel. If that does not do the trick after a week then look for another cause of your infection because Flagyl (the brand name of the antibiotic you are using) is not curing the infection if it is an infection.
1407740	My stomach has gotten bigger it gurgles and is somewhat hard. My lower back hurts my boobs were tender the other day. And I jut got my 2nd Depo-Provera shot.	Side effects or preg Were you late for your depot shot? have you had sex within the past month? These could just be side effects of depot - weight gain and back pain from that weight gain. Boobs tender - seems like pregnancy. do a pregnancy test now and again in 2 weeks. If negative - then not pregnant. If positive.. then you know you are pregnant.
653983	I had a (benign) mole punch biopsied 4 months ago and now it's regrown through the scar. It looks horrible. What can my dermatologist do to help?	Re-excise It must be completely excised with good margins.
870923	Could i be preg?Have lil cramping naseau frequenturination missed one period but my cycle is ireg. Back pains2neg1faint hpt wpe with lil blood no more	Possibly I would confirm this with a blood pregnancy test since mixed results.
1461681	Tinnitus, stabing pain that lasts for a mostly a minute, popping sound when yawning in one ear. Also a sore throat. Should I be worried?	Get checked Do you also have a fever? What you describe may be related to an ear infection, but how far that goes can only be determined by a proper physical exam. Please see your doctor as soon as possible so you can get treated if this is the case. The sooner, the better.
642843	53 with constipation bloating and gas. Os this colon cancer.	Hopefully no Odds are it is not cancer but could be. At your age (53) you should have had a screening colonoscopy, especially if there is family history. If you have not, schedule one right away.
1223171	My wife and I have had painfull swollen throats for 2 weeks. Antibiotics and a steroid shot didn't help. Tested negative for strep and mono. Any ideas?	Try Otc antihistamines. Two weeks is a long time for an infective process so likely allergic or irritant associated. If otherwise healthy not necessarily a serious condition.
1405522	What illness causes bones to ache in the back, feet, and hands with fever and sore throat?	Symptoms/infection These symptoms are very non-specific and can occur in a wide variety of infections, commonly viral (influenza-like), but can be present with bacteria, etc.
648654	Stung by a bee and the swelling has gone hard. What does this mean?	Local rxn There can be large local reactions. If there are any signs of infection obtain medical care. Have you had a tetanus shot in the last ten years? Remove stinger by scraping along edge of skin with a credit card. Clean area with soap & warm water. Apply ice in 10 minute increments; alternating 10 on & 10 off. Try a bag of cold peas. You can take meds like tylenol or nsaid's for pain. See below.
1553066	3 little tiny cuts near my anus they are not sore just irritating and tiny cut and red itchy and little burning this morning and masturabtion yesterda?	Should heal If you have some minor trauma from the masturbation, then you could just let it heal. If you are in a lot of pain, you could see a doctor or try over the counter anusol and ibuprofen by mouth. If you don't think the masturbation caused it, then I think you should see a doctor for evaluation.
406228	Does this sound like cracked tooth syndrome? When i bite or chew hard things, it hurts in the left rear of my mouth and my dentist couldn't find anything on the x-ray. He said there was no cavity, and i can't figure out any other reason it would hurt.


.	This This could indicate a cracked tooth, especially if it had a root canal. Unfortunately this is one of the hardest problems to diagnose. I would recommend an evaluation by an endodontist. A new technology called cbt (cone beam x-ray) is showing some promise in finding cracked teeth. You may just have to let the situation declare itself more before acting with insufficient evidence of what is truly wrong as it may lead to unnecessary treatment.
1160651	I have had these red tiny line like rash come up on me on hips now on belly and  back as well and my whole body itches and burns u only see it at nite?	Red lines You may have scabies. See your doctor for evaluation and treatment.
1374243	If you bleed while taking birth control pills before your period is this means I mite be pregnant?	No Bleeding is not a sign of pregnancy. BCP are effective in preventing pregnancy
230103	Lower right abdominal pain, with hip tenderness accompanied by nausea and radiating lower back pain. Two endometriosis surgeries already and 6 months of lupron. Also had an appentectomy. Is the endo back!?	Surg. complication? It would appear either the original process continues unabated or there is a surgical complication. I suggest you see the original surgeon (probably your ob-gyn doc).
1361501	What to do if I do not know if its a cold or allergies, itchy throat, sneezing, some what stuffed up, running nose. what's some damn good over-the-counter meds?	A few things OTC 24 hour antihistamines and the new nasal sprays out can help.
285579	Gyn.I ve a large fibroid, it's like been 6 months pregnant  I was told . If I became pregnant will the uterus burst/rapture? My periods have delayed .	Talk to your OB You should discuss this with your OB and have a plan of action before you get pregnant. There are several options available to you.
1237273	Uterus is retroflexed measuring at 11x 5 x 5 cm. There is a subserosal fibroid at the fundus left side measuring 3.6x4.6x3.4 - endometrial stripe meas?	What is the question I don't understand your question here. Please resubmit.
297014	Due to sore throat i'd taken azithromycin and now i recover from it but while i take deep breath left side above breast and back below shoulder pain?	Bronchitis May need to give the infection and residual inflammation more time to clear from the lungs.
1580946	Had full cardio workup: stressecho, ecg, agatston score 0.5. Bp 120-130/80-90, but persistent L arm pain with tingling; is it cardiac or nerve?	Data your information raises questions of why you are on plavix and at 37 and female have had CAD work up. The data you list suggests not cardiac but maybe we don't have the whole story. You should discuss with your doc and get the information from there
6644127	White raised lines in cheek for 6  weeks now,  red bumps at back of tongue, node under left jaw now sore. could this be oral cancer?, hiv?	Oral cancer screen It is best for you to visit your dentist and get oral cancer screening done. Dentist are a great resource to detect diseases early on!
6644129	Hi , I don't know what is going on with my body 
Firstly , my period came a week early and was lighter than normal although it lasted a week and I wasn't having bad cramps 
I missed a couple of my birth control pills 
I have sore breasts and feel sick , a	Missing pills Missing birth control pills commonly causes a period to start early, and cause other menstrual irregularity. Anytime you miss more than one pill in a pack of pills, you should stop taking the pills, discard that pack, and wait until after your next period starts and then start a new pack of pills. If you are concerned about possibility of pregnancy do a pregnancy test, but it is unlikely.
1329633	My knee keeps popping and buckling with the sensation of buckling my pain is a constant 7 which sometimes rises while I work. Swelling is present.	Tear Constant pain with the sensation of the unstable knee and joint swelling would suggest the possibilities of a meniscus cushion tear or possibly a cruciate muscle tear. Suggest you see an Orthopedic Doctor if symptoms persist .
6788216	(FEM) Large  Lump like Peas left breast, right side has small  too  12 months now moves around slightly and tender no swollen lymphnode under armpit?	Get checked. Most breast lumps are not cancer. But why take a chance? Get evaluated. The peace of mind is worth the cost of a mammogram and some places have them available for low cost. Talk to your doc.
1192503	Can someone tell me how to know if my resting heart rate and blood pressure normal?	Check it Normal hr varies from 60-100' normal BP 120/80-- below140/83 range.
6788210	What is the best way to stabilize soft arterial plaque that every adult has in order to prevent a stroke, PE , heart attack, etc.?	Excellent Question Statins- and other drugs and nutritional supplements that lower your LDL particle number and favorably alter your LDL pattern as much as possible. Omega 3 supplements to help lower triglycerides and change LDL pattern when appropriate. Anti- inflammatory diet- avoid sugar, high fructose corn syrup and the like- speak with a nutritionist. There are other suggestions but this is a good start!
72973	Can you tear acl/ MCL if a knee cap dislocation, x3weeks later still can't bend knee past 45*  I've dislocated b4 and can't remember recovery last4ever.?	Unclear If you are unable to flex your knee beyond 45 degrees, there may be a mechanical block. You should see a sports medicine specialist or an orthopedist to get hands on exam and likely an mri.
393448	I have been having an increased itching on my vagina, what is this from? My doctor told me it wasn't a yeast infection but i'm not so sure she is right, but she is a doctor. I just want a second opinion. It only itches after i go to the bathroom, after in	You You need to be seen for a second opinion. You are right, your scratching and itching are not normal. You should have a complete set of cultures taken to determine the cause of infection. If you have pain, bleeding, fever, or vomiting then you need to be seen as an emergency.
6732760	Hello!  I've been having cramps in my feet, legs, hands and arms for the past 2-3 weeks along with tingling and numbness.  What's your advice?	Have you been sweating a lot?? Sometimes cramps and paresthesias are from low SODIUM in your body! You need some testing Blood Sodium/Calcium (electrolytes) Contact your PCP (Primary Care Provider) Hope this helps Dr Z
6786302	Im suffering from anxiety and panic attacks. I got my heart checked (ecg, ekg, and stress test) the results were perfect. But i still get chest pains.	Control panic attack If the work up is negative, you KNOW the chest pain is NOT coming from the heart!! There are multiple other causes for chest pain but none will kill you. Forget about further work up and concentrate on treating/ controlling panic attacks
1063380	Back muscle pain, weakness in legs and arms shoulder pain too, pain hurts more when pressure is applied. Side effect of colchicine? Will it go away?	Yes Muscle pain and sometimes even muscle breakdown ( rhabdomyalysis) is a rare complication of colchicine. It is more likely if you were on a high dose or on the mecication for a long time. This side effect usually goes away when Colchicine is stopped. There are many other causes for the pain you describe. If it does not go away when you stop Colchicine you should seek a different answer.
486396	I had knee surgery 2 weeks ago and my foot feels like an ice cube why? My calf also hurts a little bit, but not red hot or swollen could it be a dvt?	See your doc! If your foot feels like it is cold and you have a calf that hurts you want to definitely have it checked out. I would definitely see your doc or if you are having any shortness of breath, chest pain, calf swelling, you need to go to the er to get it checked out but i would call the physician on call if the office is closed and tell them. Your foot shouldn't be cold, and you shouldn't have numbnes.
806437	How severe does your blood pressure have to be to have a stroke or a heart attack?	Always a risk If BP is sky-high, such as malignant hypertension, risk of brain hemorrhage is high, but even modest chronic elevation can increase risk for stroke and/or heart problems. In other words, follow american heart association recommendations and keep BP under tight control.
995006	I been off birth control (depo provera) for almost  three months i've had two periods n i'm currently in my second i want to get pregnant how long?	Could be awhile Depo will be officially active for 3 months in your system. There may be residual inhibition of ovulation for 6, 9, or 12 months, however. You should resume normal monthly periods sometime between 3 and 6 months, however, and you can assume that you have returned to ovulating once your normal cycle returns.
1377520	I am sexually active and am now 11 days late for my period. I took 5 pregnancy Tests and they all came out negative. I have milky discharge and cramps?	Repeat Preg Test Repeat pregnancy test in 1 week. Obtain pelvic exam with cultures to evaluate for STD.
1545194	I have pcos take metformin bid. i get reoccuring UTI and yeast infection. Any suggestions  on how to keep this from continuing. had STD in the past 
?	Check First ask your doctor to be checked for diabetes. Then also see Urologist for frequent UTIs so can be checked for other reasons for UTI.
1271559	On my 10th day after IUI my breast is not sore is it normal?	U may or may not Experience any symptoms after iui. If fertilization occurs, you'll experience symptoms related to pregnancy.God bless u! http://www.babycenter.com/0_fertility-treatment-artificial-insemination-iui_4092.bc. http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/intrauterine-insemination/basics/definition/prc-20018920.
1428466	What causes a popping sensation on the left side of my chest and sternum?NO PAIN.Almost feels like when you crack your neck. PCP says heart ok.	If your heart is ok it is probably something on the chest wall. Sometimes, you can get inflammation of the area between the cartilage and bone of ribs. It should heal with time, If pain persists, see a surgeon to make sure there is nothing wrong with your breast or blood vessels of the area.
398346	Can herpes or a vaginal yeast infection cause a skin rash throughout the body? I have a skin rash that develops first with an itch and then a round red bump appears.  The first few where limited to my lower left arm and looked more like bites but then dis	It It would be very unusual for herpes or vaginal yeast infection to spread throughout the body. Other medical issues, such as MRSA (methicillin resistant staph aureus), eczema, psoriasis, pityriasis, or other dermatological issues can cause a rash on the body. Trying a mild anti-bacterial soap and mild lotion may be helpful, but if it is a worsening rash, or if the patient had fever or new symptoms, then the patient should be medically evaluated.
1348995	Son got his vaccines and has red pimples on his arms, chest, and back not on legs or stomach. Could it be heat rash from fever or vaccine related?	Dermatitis Your son needs to be seen by PEds to make sure it is not vaccine reaction.
1033374	Dr. Says ear infection, gave leviqun & motrin still in a lot of pain 2 days later in ear jaw & upper & lower teeth could it be a tooth problem?	pain is related Jaw pain, ear pain and toothache pain can all be related. Finish your prescription as directed and definitely make an appointment to have your mouth examined by a dentist to identify the possibility of tooth infections. You'll be happy you did.
616534	Norcodics work great. For my anxiety, why don't they prescribe them instead of benzos, both addictive, and Xanax ko out ?	"Norcodics"? I'm not sure whether you mean "narcotics" -- a term which originally referred to any psychoactive compound with sleep-inducing properties? Nowadays this term usually means opiates, such as morphine, heroin, and their derivatives like hydrocodone. Opiates have a solid place in managing physical pain, but other medications work better for anxiety. Not all options are habit forming, either.
965013	Swelling from sunburn on eyes, does Benadryl help?	It may Cant hurt.
1496496	What happens if you overdose on abilify, Benadryl, Zoloft, zofran, Tylenol, ibuprofen, and aspirin?	You call 911 That's what happens!
1245268	Left temple area. For the past few days i'd wake up with my temple area feeling sore. It comes and goes when i'm chewing, yawning or moving my jaw.	Bite off or TMJ It could be your bite from the way your teeth meet when you close. Did you have any recent fillings done or had braces? Could also be TMJ related with muscle spasm from clenching all nite long. See your dentist.
1039125	I'm having cramps, back pain and very sore  breasts, they are itchy also. My right breast got bigger. My period is about to come but am i pregnant?	Take a preg test Could be? Need to know when your last period was and last unprotected sex. Take a urine pregnancy test to be sure.
1248647	Bad allergies x 3 days. I take allegra, and Benadryl at night. I am very congested and can't sleep. Is there a decongestant okay to take with high bp?	No It is not a good idea to take decongestant when you have hypertension. Consider an otc nasal steroid to see if it helps (may take a few days). If not, see your doctor or an allergist.
6696194	Hello. Husband and I are trying for baby number 2. Its been 2 years since my last pregnancy and I've had mostly normal periods. I missed my period this month. I am 5 days late and all last week I had excessive discharge and this week I'm having nausea aft	Pregnancy A pregnancy test should be done.
696332	New spot found on liver thru ct.Early bt show increase liver enzymes.Us show fullness kidney & cyst on gallbladder.What     does this mean?	Need more info. A "spot" on the liver could be anything from a benign cyst to a tumor. I'm not at all certain what the "fullness" of the kidney is and and gallbladder cysts are very rare.
1078356	Am i pregnant? Have been on Depo-Provera for almost 2 years and haven't had a period. Last week i spotted for 3-5 hours. After that my stomach has been upset	Depopeovera If you are not using a birth control method you might be pregnant. Do a blood pregnancy test. Some women after using depo for that long, it might take a while for the period to return. See your obgyn for more explanation.
6656824	I have had two root canals on L incisor / canine, my dentist filled it with composite filling as i couldn't afford crowns. Are my teeth  vulnerable?	RCT teeth Yes, these teeth are more vulnerable to fracture. The likelihood of fracture is dependent upon the amount of sound tooth structure left, your particular bite and largely what and how you eat. Avoid biting down on really hard foods and consider setting money aside to get some crowns on these teeth sooner rather than later. Perhaps there's a dental school near you for reduced fee treatment.
6715299	Itching under breast where bra sits.on further exam I noticed there's a red line under both breasts that doesn't go away.inflamatory breast cancer?	Change bra It is unlikely to be inflammatory breast cancer. Try wearing a different type of bra, or better yet going without a bra, say over this long weekend to see if that helps.
293770	What causes protein in the urine in some pregnant women?	Normal or not! Depends on degree. Urinary protein excretion is considered abnormal in pregnant women when it exceeds 300 mg/24 hours at anytime during gestation, a level that usually correlates with 1+ on urine dipstick. Proteinuria documented before pregnancy or before 20 weeks' gestation suggests preexisting renal disease. Preeclampsia is the most common cause for this. Mild proteinuria (30mg-100mg) is common.
282616	Outer top libia and around inner thigh of vagina area itches and is swollen I have no discharge or itch near opening and it occurs more at bed  time?	Infection This is usually a sign of infection. You should see your doctor to get worked up for the infection and treated.
1012445	Is chest pains , headaches and frequent urination and fatigue signs of pregnancy ?  Or can it just be side effects from my Depo-Provera provera shot ?	Pregnancy If you're concerned whether you could be pregnant, get a pregnancy test. Symptoms are rarely specific enough to rule out a condition.
514757	Had 7 d  amoxicillin before my rct on infected tooth. Post rct, clindamycin causing bad heartburn. Is clinda stronger for infection. Can i go to amox?	Clindamycin better If you are having a bad rxn from the medication do not switch on your own. Contact your doctor and discuss the problem. Clindamycin is a good drug but can have some serious side effects in some individuals. I usually recommend my patients to take after eating, with a full glass of water, and an acidophilus or other pro-biotic to have the least problems.
1446948	I have a rash on the head of my penis. No itching, burning, or discharge. Just a lot of small bumps. Look like cracks in skin when not erect. NO SEX.	Infection You have either a common staph bacterial infection. Or a yeast infection. Sounds like it is time to see the doctor.
729456	Stomach pain and constipation. Gone twice in 2 weeks. Blood and stool tests came back normal. Any ideas what's wrong ?	It could be stomach Irritation, ibs/ irritable bowel syndrome etc. Try taking otc laxatives and antacids. If it worsens or is persistent , u may need further workup like endoscopy and colonoscopy. Hope u feel better!
279255	What is the treatment for ankylosing spondylitis ? Injury due to slip & fall 2001, had p/t. Three herniated discs (l3/4/5)- caused foot to swell.	No easy treatment Anklosing spondylitis can be managed best with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medicine, exercise and physical therapy. Sometimes surgery on the spine to stablize it, orthotics for the feet may help. The swelling may be helped with compression stockings. See a neuro surgeon or a orthopaedic doctor that specailizes in the back for the best help along with a rheumatologist.
1030176	I have high IgG kappa paraproteins & swollen lymph nodes in my neck. My haemo has requested scans. What is he looking for? I thought pps were myeloma.	see details This is a preliminary step. You will ultimately need a bone marrow and possible biopsy of a node. Other diagnostic considerations include waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia and lymphoma.
279253	Seen in er- inflammation/red rash of (l)foot.  Dx: inflammation was related  back issue- (herniated l3/4/5) ankylosing spondylis.  Is this plausible?	Its A stretch.
6718945	I have quite a large sore lump below sternum and have twice had a read rash on side of breast. (On left breast first and 5 weeks later on right)?	Lump better send a pic or see a physician to determine whatnthis is
551368	I have a large hard lump under my ear lobe/ jaw accompanied by ear pain/ sore throat. It is very hard and is not movable. Should i be concerned?	Yes The first thing i would look at is your parotid gland. A large hard lump in that area could be malignant. See your doctor asap! good luck.
930247	Could sleep apnea cause autonomic neuropathy ? Doctor is telling me it can ? Any idea ?	Associated Association is not exactly the same as causation. Sleep and the autonomic nervous system are closely related from an anatomical, physiological, and neurochemical point of view.A large number of neurologic and general medical disorders (diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and neurodegenerative diseases) are associated with both autonomic failure and sleep disorders.
645890	Can an ECG and X-ray of the chest find an aorta anyurism. I've had both done and blood tests and I've had lack sleep and anxiety all week.	Maybe While those tests are ok at extreme cases. A ct of the chest and echo will be best.
1522267	Ive had brown discharge after taking zithromax for chlamydia. What do that mean?	Chlamydia treatment Dried old blood from irritation caused by the infection. This should go away soon. If you still have these symptoms over a week, pelvic pain, or painful urination, you should be rechecked. The infection could still be lingering or you could also have a different infection that requires different treatment. Abstinence is a must during this time!
6668879	Is heart abnormalities or heart disease caught in blood pressure test? Went to doc & bp is normal but have left side chest pain.what it is?	Chest pain... You don't need to have an abnormal blood pressure in order to demonstrate you are having heart problems. Many people who suffer heart attacks(for example) appear with normal blood pressure. However it is certainly true that those that suffer of high blood pressure have a higher risk for heart issues. If you are in doubt and having chest pain go and see your doctor as soon as possible.
1408923	Top right wisdom tooth coming in but its all sideways onfacing out major headaches and dizziness could this be my prob all along? Had spells for 3 yrs	Of course The wisdom teeth and jaw problems can contribute to headache and migraine. See your dentist for wisdom teeth evaluation and treatment if needed.
1594540	I have small red bumps that look like pimples on my upper arms that are itchy! No idea why? I waxed my arms about a week ago, very itchy bumps	Agree w Dr. Russo. A steroid cream might be applied to decrease inflammation. Both waxing and shaving can cause this.
1408299	Nausea, bloating,tired, sneezing alot, stuffy, ichy tummy and boobs, pressure in lower abdomen, negative pregnancy test. If i was pg i would be 10 wks?	If you were pregnant your test would be positive, you cannot be 10 weeks.
1529278	How long after bacterial orchitis ( will a testicle remain very hard? 2-3 weeks after infection, testicle is still 'hard" .Not std. Infection gone.	6-8 weeks The "hardness" last much longer than the pain. The return to normal can be shortened by taking an NSAID like ibuprofen or aspirin on a scheduled basis and moist heat to reduce the inflammation which accounts for most of the firmness.
94820	Is a 83/65 blood pressure normal for a 34 week pregnant women, or a ninefive over sixty three with a pulse rate of 122 ok?	No and could be 95/63, could be more acceptable , but 83/65 and a pulse rate 122 in not normal, . Contact your dr for further evaluation.
1515187	I have red itchy bumps on my skin doctor prescribed me anti fungal cream and capsules I'd like to only use the cream will that be effective?	Follow instructions. Your physician is the one you need to ask since he has already examined you and prescribed the medications. It is impossible to second-guess.
6696778	My 13 yr old has a new onset of severe headaches that are affectin her sleep as well nosebleeds are more frequent. No nausea/vomit. What could b cause?	Headaches Headaches affecting sleep are not good. See your doctor. In the meanwhile maintain a headache diary to record when they occur, what triggers them and associated signs and symptoms and what relieves them . This will help.
6696779	Have anxiety disorder. Had dull chest pain for months. Had 5+ EKGs, blood tests, CT, and seen cardiologist. All say heart is OK. Just my anxiety?	Maybe Sounds like your heart has been ruled out but other causes of dull chest pain include: gastroesophageal reflux, costochondritis, fibromyalgia, gastritis, peptic ulcer, non-ulcer dyspepsia, myofascial syndrome and others. Your heart isn't the only possible cause of pain. Anxiety is a diagnosis of exclusion since there are no tests to confirm it as the cause.
1063254	My stomach hurts sometimes, and I've noticed after i eat somethings i get a pain rightunder my left breast, and my left rib area, gas sometimes not always?	Gastritis Acid related disease with irritation of either the stomach or the esophagus. Possibly spasm of lung muscle as well. More likely gastritis if fairly immediate. Several hours after eating more consistent with gallbladder.
16189	I was stung by a bee - don't know if stinger is still in - my foot is swelling - what should I do?	Treat a bee sting If you aren't allergic remove the stinger with a metal object (knife) scraping at an angle. The venom sac keeps pumping until removed. Apply ice to reduce pain/swelling. As a beekeeper i've found rubbing the area with a cut onion for several minutes helps. Avoid scratching and apply calamine lotion as needed. Take heart in that your next sting will be less painful!
396695	How long does stomach flu last? Symptoms: temp range from 97*-100.4*
diarrhea (12 hours of it on 2 different days)
migraine
vomiting (briefly, but nauseated the entire week)
i got these symptoms last monday and was sick through friday.  Had a brief relaps	You You may be dealing with a bacterial infectious process. For this you will need antibiotics. Your doctor may want to do some tests of your stool to check for certain pathogens prior to treatment. In the meantime maintain hydration and eat a bland diet until you improve. I hope you are better soon.
967649	How to remove a callus on bottom of big toe?	It depends A callus can be removed in many ways. It can be done conservatively (which affords temporary relief) or surgically. Calluses are caused by pressure against a bone. Debriding the thickened tissue will feel better, but as long as the pressure remains, the callus will recur. Taking the pressure off the area, via padding or an orthotic is beneficial. Surgical intervention corrects the problem.
855666	G-daughter had 2 knee surgeries n < a yr 2 fix dislocated knee cap still limited n using knee w/o pain now has patellar tendonitis what % 4 future use?	Refer to answer Usually patella tendonitis is due muscle power disproportion. Unfortunately what most physical therapist concentrate on quad exercise. Buy a pair of ankle weights of 20 lbs. Put it on her ankle. Lie on stomach and do back ward leg exercises 100 set per day. Twice a day each time for 15 minutes put ice pack on patella tendon. Cold lazer three secession helps it tremendously.
374844	Husband has been haveing chest pressure and dizziness and sweating went to ER and the heart was fine what else could it be the	Sweating Endocrine problem like thyroid or diabetic sugar level also need to be checked.
940866	For 1month knee pain and can spread to leg.Aches and hard to walk up and down stairs.Can be quiet dull or sharp.I'm not athletic 20 y/o.Cancer?Worried	Probably not cancer There are lots of reasons for knee pain, but cancer is very, very unlikely. The most common reason in a sedentary 20 year-old female may be irritation of the back of the patella against the front of the thigh bone, but the only way to tell is by having your doctor examine you and possibly do x-rays. If pain is behind knee, then it may be a thrombosed vein, related to bcpills and needs md.
6703312	Taking amoxacillin and metronidazole for two days for 2 abscesses in top front teeth.. How long will it take for the pain and swelling to go?	Now Pain and swelling should be much improved by now. If not, you either need a different antibiotic or a drainage procedre. See dentist or oral surgeon.
1320711	Hey I got head numbness on right side and neck muscle tight during sleep and I have been diagnosed with  multilevel of degenerative disc disease?	What is the question You have not asked a question. However, a 26 year would not likely have enough degenerative disc disease to cause your issues. Get another opinion.
514533	26 and have had a pain in my upper left chest area and arm whenever i take a deep breath. What could it be? Also suffer from major panic attacks.	Chest/arm pain If u were diagnosed with panic disorder, & your workup & ekg were normal, then there might be correlation. Recommend quitting smoking if u do smoke, and following up with your family doctor for any further workup if pain intensifies.
368854	What are the signs and treatment for ankylosing spondylitis?	Pain, stiffness with A decreasing range of motion usually. Blood testing will be positive for certain markers and treat ENT involves exercise and medication along with being posture conscious
1352879	Having pain in right lower abdomen and sacroillitis and on meds. Pelvic xrays ordered. What can I expect? What could cause the painin right abdomen?	Speculation... Causes of recurrent abdominal discomfort as described may be identified by first addressing signs/symptoms so as to localize the organ involved: in women: vaginal discharge or bleeding, alteration in periods, pregnancy risk? Fever, nausea, vomiting, altered stool pattern, blood with stool, tenderness, distension? Painful urination, blood in urine? Recent trauma, herniation? Stressors? Other risks?
6651305	Constant Nausea, Headaches, ringing in ears in mornings at times, constant sinus problems, some hearing issues in the mornings, constant mucous. Thoughts?	Rhinosinusitis is inflammation of any of the paranasal sinuses affecting 16% of the population. Its considered chronic if lasting >8 weeks. If
832542	Last sex 5.05. On 8.06 i took blood test hCG beta hormon level 7, 6. Im not preg. Why my beta is higher then 5?	Possibly pregnant The HCG test you had was equivocal, meaning you could be pregnant, but it is too early to be sure. You should do another in a few days.
1604100	I have difficult swallowing, choking sensation, and cough. Do you think Botox which was injected in my neck 3 months ago caused this?	No. Good day, thank you for your question! The quick answer is most likely not if it was injected properly. Also Botox starts to fade in its effect after 3-4 months. All the Best! Dr. Tony Perkins.
1374576	My uterus lining is shedding but i am not bleeding. I am sexually active and am wondering if there is a possibility that i am pregnant?	Uterine shedding I'm not at all sure what you mean by thinking your uterine lining is shedding but no bleeding - this is really not possible. If your'e having some type of vaginal discharge without blood, it is not your lining. You need to see your OB/GYN to determine true source of the discharge to make sure some other form of treatment is not needed. And if you are sexually active, pregnancy is always possible
1180087	I have a bump on my penis shaft. Was white now hard won't pop. Have not had sex in a month.  Is it possible it's an STD or could it be a pimple.	Hard to guess For your peace of mind, please see a doctor.If you don't have one , check with your local health dept.
536722	I am 23 years old perviously had etopic pregnancy I am suffering from dizziness feeling heavy eyes and heavy head my all test are clear doctor said ur?	Ear disease Most dizziness comes from subtle ear diseases that your primary doctor may not have the equipment to detect. Most conditions are easily treatable. Visit an ENT doctor fr an exam.
1048852	What can you do to  the difference between heart issues and muscle issues? Pain under left breast, armpit, above breast and shoulder for days.	Manage right away If you are having muscle issues, you have time to get that figured out. If it is your heart, damage that may be permanent is occuring as we speak. Heart disease isvthe number 1 killer of women because it is underdiagnosed so much and wonen sometimes hesitate to get proper attn. Your doc can irder a stat, (emergency) blood test that alab can do to differentiate if it is your heart or not. Doit now!
6723410	One of my eyes has discharged to redness or itchy. is this allergies? i have sore throat and congested.	Possibly Allergic conjunctivitis causes redness, watering and itching. The conjunctiva (inside of your eyelid) can have a cobblestone appearance. Sinus congestion is also common. If symptoms get better with an antihistamine (benadryl/dihpenhydramine) or Zyrtec/cetirizine) then it's allergies. However, allergies do not usually give a sore throat. Viral URI causes sore throat, congestion, conjunctivitis
6629102	Blood in urine but no infection and flank pain and pain in lower right abdomen. Causes? CT scan show nothing	See Urology Persistent blood in the urine without infection and normal CT should be evaluated with a cystoscopy.
515621	At 7wk3d, gestational sac at internal sac 24*9*14 mm + yolk sac but no fetal pole. Spotting for the past 1 week, b-hcg at 6wk4d was 26000. Please help?	Talk to your doctor Please discuss this with your doctor. If your dates are correct then you should be seeing a heart beat at this point.
563047	I have red rash under my breasts its very hot and itchy i'm also 25 weeks pregnant?	Intertrigo You have intertrigo which is usually caused by a yeast infection. Speak to your OB or consult a dermatologist.
6779732	I have had history of penile acne since before I was sexually active for all my life any reason for these random pimples on penis doctor says normal m?	You're fine You've got sebaceous glands there just like on your face. Some guys get acne there. The discomfort of applying benzoyl peroxide may not be worth it -- it's your choice.
1246057	I am experiencing sharp stabbing pains on left side of throat, noticed a lump. Also left ear pressure, pain in neck, and sensitivity on top of my head?	Pain Seevyour doctor. You may have an infection in your throat and the lump may be pharyngeal abscess.
744427	Is there a preferred way to have calluses in both feet fast and safely removed?	???? Not sure how to answer this question. Please ask again more clearly!
1441326	I am on 10mg fluoxetine for 4weeks now.two different pharmacists said melatonin for sleep issues I am nervous is it ok to take it. ?	Melatonin is what I provide to my family for problems with sleep. It has a good side effect profile and can be quite effective.
1543479	34 weeks, chunks of my mucus plug all day, now have tightening cramps in my abdomen and lower back. I see my ob tomorrow. Should I take sooner action?	Go to Hospital You should get evaluated at Labor and Delivery for labor change. 34 weeks is still early. It i best to be seen today
1473785	I know that I have hemorrhoids and small tears near my anus but I am bleeding a lot of bright red blood from that area. Is that normal for this?	Hemorrhoids Hemorrhoids bleed. You need to get surgeon to be evaluated to get treated.
1484624	Had two accidents and have a nail in my femur. Have undergone knee replacement. Sweat during the day and fever at night. Bloodtests all ok?	Follow up X Ray You have to make sure the hardware(nail) is not infected. More advanced X Ray may be needed and more blood work
518394	I been feeling sick, headache, cramps, discharge, dizziness  etc. I did a home pregnant test and came back  neg but i got a dopla and i can hear a heartbeat?	Doppler positive? Repeat the pregnancy test. If still negative find out whose heart beat you heard? Rarely pseudocyesis.
821465	Dizziness with panic attack, headach , floatter in eye test normal diagonise as vertginious migraine or vertiginious seizure pl help & give advice.	Migraine Mugraine is associated with dizziness and panic disorder. Migraineurs often have multiple coexisting disorders. Sleep disorders, painful periods, depression, bipolar depression, toxemia just to name a few. You shoul see a headace specialist.
1306414	I would like the opinion of a doc who knows lyme.Does a negative IgG and IgM exclude 100% lyme?Got brain lesions, fever for years, anxiety, MS excluded.	Lyme? Tests for this provide mixed results in terms of reliability. Stick close to your doc. If it's lyme there are IV antibiotic specialists. Also, a natural herbal product called dipsacus has been used to kill off the spirochete that produces the symptoms. Been through this myself and i'm fine. Peace and good health. Neuroscience lab in us has specialty tests. Don't know about tests you mention.
1216478	Bloody watery stools, cramps and abdominal pain as well as loss of appetite.Lactose intolerance or something else? Treated for c diff 4 weeks ago	Not lactose intolera Given what you described, better be evaluated by your md, .
1431318	Chest pressure like someone sitting on me & choking throat feeling. Almost hard to breathe. Whats wrong? I have GAD but no current anxious thoughts.	Go to ER If this is a change in your usual anxiety symptoms and you are still having trouble breathing, call 911 or go to ER. Hopefully, it is nothing, but getting checked and finding out it is nothing, is better than not getting checked and having something bad happen. Use your breathing techniques, or relaxation techniques even now. Because your anxiety will add to the symptoms and confuse the picture
6656172	I think i have a yeast infection, I have chunky discharge, itchiness, and swollen vagina hurts during sex, what treatment should I use?	Try an OTC "azole" This certainly sounds like a yeast infection. If you have had it before, professionally diagnosed, and the symptoms are similar, you can safely try an over-the-counter yeast medication. Look for active ingredient ending in "azole" (miconazole, clotrimazole, etc). All are equally good; you can choose the least expensive. See a doctor if no improvement after 3-4 days.
903975	I have chest pains lateral. It feels like I am going to have a heart attack n get very dizzy and lightheaded as well. I have lost weight without tryin?	See your DR Or go to the urgent care right away. Likely though your chest pain is musculoskeletal in nature because of your young age.You may also have symptoms related to anxiety and panic attack. An ekg & a stress test would confirm whether your chest pain is cardiac in nature or not. Best wishes!
1552123	Unusual headache left side, stiff shoulder and neck, nausea, constant cramp, minor pain in lower back and abdomen, brown discharge. What is cause?	Possible anxiety if symptoms are so diverse and belong to many different systems of the body, there is the possibility of anxiety, depression and stress. full medical examinations is needed to exclude a medical problem
1544945	Has a 2 semi hard bumps on upper inner thigh and now a few small white heads and painful pimples some get bigger if touched. How to get rid of it?	Cannot say without seeing AND... bacterial infections often need to be drained if they are over a half-inch in diameter in order for the antibiotic to be able to clear it.
664043	Hey I have a question I have genital warts on my penis and im trying to find information on it? And what should I do besides going to a doctor ?	Several Of course you have to see the the doctor to eradicate, they are caused by hpv virus, if you do not take precautions you will spread to your partner, in female genital warts may lead to cancer of cervix, a compelling reason young females get vaccinated.
1128275	Do cat allergies produce wet cough, runny nose and chest congestion?	Not usually Most allergy-related symptoms are sneezing, dry cough, watery eyes, itchy eyes or throat. If you have an asthma component to your allergies, you can get wheezy or be short of breath. A nasal steroid can be very helpful in treatment and prevention of symptoms since it works right where your body reacts to the antigen. Non-sedating anti-histamines are helpful if steroid spray alone won't do it!
1099534	Tiny raised bumps on my forehead and neck, little itching. My trunk and back look like a small heat rash typically at night. Is this hives?	Skin Bumps Without seeing the bumps it is difficult to make a diagnosis. Possibilities include: acne, contact dermatitis, folliculitis, drug eruption, and others. See your local dermatologist.
849957	I have had bleeding in my butt hole, bright red quite a bit, none in my poop, no pain, and slight constipation. ?	Fissure? Hemorrhoid? It sounds like you either have an anal fissure or a burst hemorrhoid. If you have no pain then you very well may heal on your own. It is wise when you are in an acute phase of these common conditions to soften your stool and to keep the area very clean while you are healing.
1202449	Sulfur burps, nausea, vomiting, luq abd pain, diarrhea off and on for 27 years! no diet connection to attacks, travel, other probs, or no gallbladder!	Sounds like Stomach You may have an excess gastric acid condition. Have you ever had and endoscopy to look into your stomach? See your doctor. ? Gi evaluation.
794564	Ttc sore breast milky CM temp up could i be pregnant no period i was on Depo-Provera only for two shots an i know that i ovulated please help?	Yes, you could be If you are certain that you ovulated then you can reasonably expect a home pregnancy test to be positive about 2 weeks after. Good luck!
1355732	Small red dots on arms and torso that come and go, fatigue but always hunrgy poking feeling up per abdominal  Sore throat pressure in chest	See a doctor ASAP These symptoms can have protean causes and you should be very carefully evaluated by a good diagnostician. Hopefully it will turn out not to be severe, but the potential for this to become worse if ignored definitely exists. See an internist or a family practitioner to start out and follow their recommendations. Good luck.
856315	Is it possible for me to develope a cyst or a tumor on the floor of my mouth if I have a cyst or tumor on both of my parotid gland, what do this mean?	Don't worry It's not clear what is wrong with your parotid (salivary) glands, but cancer is very rare in this area and cancer usually doesn't occur on both glands at the same time. So i'm not worried. Parotid glands can get enlarged for many non-cancer reasons. You can also develop stones in them. See a dentist or doctor if you have a lump in your mouth.
800738	What would cause posterior cervical lymph node pain and swelling? R neck is swollen, pain from base of skull down to front of neck/throat	Many possibilities. There are a variety of things that could cause these problems at your age. Infections(cat scratch disease, mononucleosis), dental /sinus disease), are most often the cause. However, more serious problems occur in this age group. Please see your internest, ent. Or oral/maxillofacial surgeon asap.
6650273	Will Nasal Saline spray help with my nasal septum perforation? How can I tell if it is large?	URGENT ENT RVAL Top 2 causes are nose picking and cocaine use. Rare autoimmune conditions may alo be an etiology . You need a through exam and blood work . An excellent ENT CONDULT
1526212	My friend has unprotected sex when she has her period. I tell her theres a chance of pregnancy if sexually active no matter what. What's the truth?	You are correct. Her method requires absolutely knowing that her bleeding is indeed her period. While she may be correct 99% of the time there is always a possibility of error and pregnancy.
1464876	Hi, the last 2 weeks or so I've been feeling dizzy, nausious, extreamly tired, and lightheaded. Any ideas??	Anemia Your symptoms and gender lead me to think of anemia first. Menses can create iron deficiency anemia easily. Your BP also may be low. And, is there any chance of pregnancy?
1008600	My wife recently has had 3 miscarriages - 2 of them chemical pregnancies, one at 7 weeks. I am a marijuana smoker (2-3 a week)  - is there a chance the weed is to blame? We have a 2 year old daughter	Cannabis use by Mother. Studies through vanderbilt university medical center have linked cannabis with ectopic pregnancy and early miscarriages.
567577	Problems with knee instability a year after ACL surgery. What should I do?	Check with surgeon. Check with your surgeon. Generally, if your having instability it is usually one of two things: Your ACL is not working properly, or, you may be having instability from a kneecap tracking problem.
1410975	I felt a horrific pain and a pop behind my knee. 2 days later I'm still in a great deal of pain  leg is swollen from knee to foot. Did I tear somethin?	See a doctor Generally, a "popping" sensation in your knee is indicative of a ligament tear but it could also be representative of other joint problems. That in concert with pain and swelling warrant a physician to your doctor as soon as possible.
1382646	How do I distinguish pain from my sciatica in both legs from a blood clot?I get scared because the pains I Get from hip to foot.Pain similar 2 dvt?	Ultrasound Venous ultrasound is the gold standard to determine if there is a clot in the veins between the groin and lower calf. Another good screening test is d-dimer but is less specific than an ultrasound. Although possible , it would be unusual for a clot to occur in both legs at the same time. You should see a vein specialist for a venous evaluation.
694756	Is it possible to not have any symptoms of chlamydia until a full year after having sex? And then a year later and three different antibiotic treatments later test positive for chlamydia?	Probably not This scenario seems unlikely. A different diagnosis may be the cause.
768412	Is there a way of removing foot calluses permanently?  Is cutting them with foot razor recommend?	Callus Usually calluses are formed due to increased pressure. To get rid of them may involve orthotics, change in shoegear, or even potentially surgery. You can make them less painful with the use of moisturizers after getting your feet wet to the dry/callused areas. Or use of a pumice stone daily after getting your feet wet as well. I would not advise you take a razor to your feet!
1071540	Could knee, foot, calf, and leg pain be caused my Lyme disease or mono or ra? What types of tests should I have?  I do have a back history	Many possiblities There are 200 varieties of arthritis and many other sources of musculoskeletal pain. Rheumatologic evaluation should be helpful.
6734623	Nausea, late period 2 days, headache, fatigue, nipple pain, Negative pregnancy test, Am 45+. Last cycle only 19 days and was anovulatory.Diagnosis?	Nausea, headache Your symptoms may not be related to pregnancy. If your symptoms persist, please see your doctor.
391376	Is this the stomach flu? Or not my son has been going diarrhea for the past 3 days and he has vomited every night.He doesn't have an appetite exepct for bread and crackers.He is not dehydrated and he says that everytime he eats like chicken or a salad wit	Three Three days is a long time for these symptoms and i advise that he has an examination by your doctor. Having vomiting every night for three days is concerning. The stomach flu is very contagious, so if no one else has it that is also concerning. Please take him for an avaluation. If he has increased pain, fever, or vomiting, or any rash, then he would have to be seen as an emergency.
714143	Which other symptoms of skin cancer are there other than a mole?	Skin Cancer Melanoma is a serious skin cancer that usually arises from a mole. They may show changes in symmetry, shape, color or size. Basal cell and squamous cell skin cancers may appear as a scaly, nodular or ulcerated lesion. If you have a suspicious skin lesion then seek medical attention. Only a biopsy can reliably determine whether you have a benign skin lesion or a skin cancer.
1543049	Frequent urination,fatigue,hungry,clear/milky discharge,emotional,slight cramps/slight pain on the lower right or left side.breast r sore,swollenpreg?	Pregnancy Your symptoms likely consistent with pregnancy.
1453050	Chest pain in middle chest after eating blood pressure 135/76 pulse 82 oxygen saturation 96% could this be heart attack been hurting for thirty minute?	Not likely Appears more like reflux and esophageal spasm.
1053259	Memory flashes suggest i was sexually abused as a kid. If true, could it have caused lax ligaments in si joints/pelvis? Sacrum slips in/out of place.	Other worries You'll need to explore those memories with a counselor or therapist first before questioning si/pelvic joints. Priority should be placed on finding the truth with help on your memories.
931147	Why am i having vaginal discharge a month after taking antibiotics for chlamydia?	Hopefully you had a Test of cure after you took the antibiotics because if you did not u still may have chlamydia or you may have a different non std vaginal or cervical infection or both, please see your gyn tom for vaginal cultures to r/o chlamydia and other stds and non std bacteria.
1423038	MRI on thumb for pain. Said it was old avulsion injury. Doc said only option: strengthen or surgery. Cortisone didn't help and very painful. Thoughs?	Check it out Physical therapy or chiropractic may be extremely helpful.
1218938	2 month missed period  pregnancy symptoms pain on right side lower back have a cyst on ovary bad headache dizziness nausea fatigue what's wrong ?	Pregnancy test If you haven't performed a pregnancy test, please do one. The symptoms you are describing could be an infection. Please see your doctor.
1228057	Pregnant or ...? Used condoms. Suddenly this week have white discharg bloating real tired dizzy cramp a bit nausea 2-3 times daily about 20 mins.	HPT Take a pregnancy test. Given your protection with condoms, this is probably unlikely, but best to test.
237102	What are some non-medical treatments for parkinson disease dementia, coping mechanism?	Dementia Alleviate stress, balances diet, ti chi, yoga, stationary bike riding, calming teas, reading about the condition helps the care giver cope which in turn helps the patient. Join a support group.
1592494	Bone pain center of Lt hand, worse w/ grasping/pressing with fingers. Lt arm
pain radiates from inside elbow. No
trauma or swelling, Rt handed. Cause?	Ulnar neuropathy can cause pain and parasthesias from the elbow to the 4th and 5th digits as well as loss of muscle mass in the intrinsic hand muscles. This makes one more susceptible to pain in the hand (loss of protective muscle between bone and nerve. Have your ulnar nerve checked (EMG-NCS0. If there is a problem (slowing of motor conduction) across the olecranon groove get imaging study of the elbow.
864433	1 small bump/canker on roof.Throat little sore.Dull ache n testicle.2pink flat circles on butt.No fever/rash.Slight burn to pee.Thick semen.Hiv or no?	See doctor ASAP You need to see your doctor asap. It may be something serious.
337384	I went for mammogram today and while she did this X-ray my breast discharged fluid.  Is this normal?  What is it?	It is likely normal. If you have persistent discharge, however, you should see your doctor to get evaluated.
589532	I wouldn't say my gum is swollen, but there's suddenly tartar built up around my teeth and bleeds when i brush, hurt when eating.Sore throat as well.	See your dentist It could be anug, you should see your dentist/ hygienist as soon as possible.
1601756	19 year old girl. On pills. Sexually active. Normally menstrual bleeding lasts 3 days. This time heavy bleeding and already 5 days. Pregnant or normal?	Changes in period If you are taking your oral contraceptive according to instructions then you should not be pregnant and these are normal period changes that occur.
1182770	Recent days whenever i bend down running in left nose, left side eye irritation, loose motion in one whole day, head pressure, sore throat. Pls sugges?	Rhinosinusitis You have allergic or infectious rhino sinusitis ( nose and sinuses ). Go and see a dr.
1485973	10month baby has fever range from 100 to 102.5.also Saw doctor prescribed ibuprofen & Tylenol.can I use ice pack to reduce hot in his head, bathe him?	Yes but fever isn't a bad thing. It is part of the body's way of fighting infection. It is good to treat the fever, because having a fever feels awful, but the fever won't "cook his brain" or anything bad like that. Alternate tylenol and ibuprofen as your doctor suggests, and if his symptoms worsen or don't improve, see your doctor again. Hope this helps!
1310034	Yellow mucus, cough, sweats, body ack sinus filled for 2-3 days. Is this infection or just a bad cold?	Viral Most upper respiratory infections are viral. Try taking over the counter medication to decongest your sinuses and loosen the mucus in your chest. Rest and fluids if your symptoms worsen or are not clearing up after a week then see a doctor. Take care!
1480704	Pus cells in urine. I have a UTI but doctor has said it may mean chlamydia?	It could Do you have a vaginal discharge? If so the pus cells could be from chlamydia. I'm assuming you doctor took swabs during a pelvic exam, those tests will give you the answer. I hopes this helps.
688960	After i had sex with my gf my head of my penis got  red and sore and itchy and was getting white stuff around it also my foreskin became very tigh?	Probably yeast Yeast infections can be sexually transmitted. However women vertually never get a yeast infection from sex. Hope u can retract the forskin bacause you will need some antifungal cream for head of penis. Will possibly need to take anoral antifungal if foreskin is too tight to retract. Should consult urologist if foreskin remains tight.
247510	How long does arthroscopic knee surgery last?	It Varies If you have a meniscus tear only, once you trim the tear, you many not ever have any future problems. Due to the loss of a portion of your shock absorber, however, you may develop secondary arthritis in the future which means the cartilage on the ends of the bones can start to wear down. This may take years or decades to happen if it happens at all.
1464883	Does masturbating cause permanent hair loss or raise DHT causing one to lose hair permanently?	OF COURSE NOT! If it did, there would be no adult males with any hair! Don't believe everything you hear from friends or read on the internet -- almost none of it is true.
628592	6-7 laparoscopic surgeries, he took my uterus then surgery again and took my ovaries . Pain still there.  5 yrs later and i'm bleeding & sick. Help pl?	Need more informatio We can not advice you as we need more information as to why the surgeries were done and what kind. If you have your uterus removed you can be bleeding from the uterus, i suggest you talk to your gynecologist why you are sick and if not satisfied get a second opinion.
1118369	In june ultrasound showed fatty liver. Alt 58, AST 26.Quit drinking. Now indec ALT rose to 82, albumin at 42, bilirubin 5, pt at 1, ferritin 447.Fiagnosis?	Need evaluation Are you jaundiced? What other medications are you taking, including over the counter ones? Is your bilirubin 5mg/dl? More information is needed from your medical history, physical examination and may be additional tests. All laboratory results need to be interpreted in the clinical context and the doctor who ordered the tests is usually in the best position to do that. Please consult a GI doc.
619111	Blood in my urine on ua only symptom is lasting right back pain radiating down right leg knee is swollen and painful can a kidney infection cause this?	Blood in urine There are many people (1-5%) who have microscopic amounts of blood in their urine yet have nothing wrong with them. So the presence of blood is not necessarily, or even likely, related to your knee pain. A kidney stone could cause blood in urine and flank pain or pelvic or urethral pain, but not knee pain. I think they are unrelated, not a kidney infection, and a doc needs to examine your knee.
1570286	I am 3 days post thigh-hip-butt Lipo, and my knees & thighs are extremely swollen. Is this normal & what can I do to reduce the swelling?	PO#3 Swelling? YES! But best to see your lipo surgeon to inform you of the healing phases you will be going through. Postop lipo swelling appears worse early that takes unto 3 months to resolve. But We/I do not know your history or type of liposuction. Therefore see your chosen surgeon..
533910	Can u help me read this blood test ?, i forgot to put every thing it it last timephysical examination: temperature 37 degrees celsius, pulse 132, 
respiratory rate 18, blood pressure 106/45, oxygen saturation 93% with
oxygen at 3 liters per minute by nasa	Pulse 132? Unless you are working out, that exam is the exam of a critically ill individual. I ope that person is in an icu.
844370	I received mono results as follows     ebv-igg 4.44         ebv- IgM 0.60/ ebv-nuclr ag 8.43/early ag 0.29   my gyno dr said i still have the infection. Is this true? Nuclr and IgG so high why?	EBV Like all herpes viruses this remains through your entire life, and there are episodes during which symptomatic recurrences happen, although uncommonly. Interpretation of the serology reports are not easy outside of the clinical presentation of the patient. Ebv infection can also be the precursor (cause?) of numerous malignancies, usually in immune suppressed individuals. See an id doctor.
1390540	I have been on neomycin drops and amoxicillin fir a few days for a outer ear infection. Ut still getting discharge only at night no pain what's goin on?	Still normal A bit of drainage is still normal if you are just a few days into treatment. That's why you need to continue your medications until they are finished. On rare occasions, you may need ENT to clean out some of that debris, but usually not considered until you have finished your course of medication. If the pain is gone, sounds like you are making appropriate progress.
893852	I've had 2 echos, various ekgs, holster and seen 2 cardiologists both saying I have a normal heart. What other test can I do to check for dang pvcs?	Event (loop) monitor 24 hour holter monitor works only if you have symptoms (pvcs) at least once daily every day. If your pvcs are less frequent than daily and you only record a 24hr period of time, it's possible to record symptom-free 24hrs, right? That's where event (loop) monitor comes in hand as it records over itself over & over again until you have pvc, punch button & send off captured recording for evaluation.
1396727	If I have slight drainage and a little mucus for over a month is it necessarily a sinus infection or dangerous? No fevers just pressure. And headache.	Maybe? But see a doc What you describe could be a lingering sinus infection; a bad allergy, with excess mucus retention in the sinuses; or even an inflammatory reaction to your smoking. It's really not possible to sort that out without a good physicial examination. I recommend you see your doctor soon and have a good look into this.
1449862	Doc said I have a torn meniscus in my right knee. in terrible pain and also that my foot and ankle still swollen. Should I go to the er?	Get evaluated see an ortho. did you have MRI,any arthritis,any trauma? swellling can be related to the way you're walking. may need arthroscopy. age a factor. get evaluated by ortho
1584055	What could a swollen lymph node that is also very sore mean? I woke up the other morning with a lymph node under my left armpit that was sore n larger	Lymphadenitis Probably is lymphadenitis so you should see your doctor for evaluation and treatment.
1530186	Heart tests came out fine, Bp is fine, I have constant chest tightness. I have reflux. 300mg of magnesium works great. Can I take more  than one a day?	Just one 300mg once a day seems to work for you and is the recommended dose.
1523049	I have Primary Immune Deficiency, MS, POTS, RA, Raynauds, etc... no response to pneumovax or prevnar. ANAs always neg. Sero-negative. Please help!	Consult immunologist It appears that you need immunoglobulin G replacement. Otherwise your case is quite complex and would need the help of an immunologist and a rheumatologist preferably in an university center.
304993	I'v had sinus pressre for what seems to be forever. My doc put me on a zpack but i still have my sinus headache. Whats the difference btm  sinus and a migrane. I also get headaches at the back of my head where the  base and that bone meet.. Zpack doesn't	Decongestant? Zpack (azithromycin) is an antibiotic and does not treat the symptoms of headache- just an underlying infection which may be the cause of the headache. A sinus headache is caused by pressure from congestion in the sinuses. If your blood pressure is fine, a decongestant such as Pseudoephedrine could be taken along with the zpack to relieve the congestion. Ibuprofen can help with pain and inflammati.
883014	The foreskin around the tip my penis gets itchy sometimes and also a bit red.Can tell me what medication is required to make good again ?	Rash On Glans Rash on glans is called balanitis. Causes can be bacteria, yeast, irritation, harsh soaps, or poor hygiene. You can try otc Hydrocortisone like cortisone 10. If this is not effective you must see your doctor.
709507	Can all the people who has been diagnosed for rheumatoid arthritis had swelling in some of their joints?	Yes Ra is an inflammatory arthritis and joint inflammation is essential in the diagnosis.
304996	21 year old female blood clots in urine blood in stool diarrhea and lower abdominal pain both worse when eat lots of carbs  what could be causing this?	Not carbs You need an evaluation by a GI doctor. May be an infection -.
1119435	Have a dull ache deep in leg above the knee. Now it's starting to go up side of my leg. Doesn't feel muscular.	Dull ache See your doctor or a vascular doctor to rule out a deep vein thrombosis.
598104	My period is 3 days late so i went to check for pregnancy and its negative.  Having abdominal pains, fatigue and tender breasts. What could be wrong?	Wrong ? Repeat prefnancy test.
1311070	5 month Continuous low grade fever, swollen lymph nodes sore throat but HIV eia negative HIV PCR RNA not detected at 107 days ,  what other std?	NOT STD This is not in any way a symptom or history of any known STD. It is not HIV. It is not Herpes. It is not Syphilis. It is not Hepatitis A, B, or C. It is not Chlamydia. It is not Gonorrhea.
1443232	Jaw pain on the left side for a week, massenter muscle feels tender with light massage. when yawning, right side pops, left side feels sore.	Jaw Could be a bite issue soft diet ibuprofen and warm compresses help. See your dentist
1516045	Dr done Urine test. It showed blood and protein. Pain in low right pelvic. Blood test clear. Dr said kidney infection. Is it appendix? I'm worried.	Trust your doctor Blood and protein in the urine is usually due to bacteria. The appendix is part of the bowel system not the kidney, ureters, bladderor urethra. Take the medication your doctor prescribed to get clear.
1314554	Echocardiogram results indicate an avm. CT scan of chest and MRI & mra of brain still negative. where else might the avm be, what does thi mean?	Anywhere AVM's can be anywhere including the brain, lungs, intestines. Dr. Rich White at Yale runs the world class HHT center for patients with AVM's in multiple vascular beds.
614303	My daughter was diagnosed with kawasaki disease her hands and feet are now peeling and itching when will the itching and peeling stop?	Not biggest worry Did she get ivig? Did the fever break? Is she on aspirin? The peeling skin will typically subside in a couple days. It's not a major concern. Did she get an echocardiogram? Was it normal? That piece is the most important because that is the key complication of kawasaki disease.
599517	Pain in what seems to be right groin lymph node. Pain while urinating. Chlamydia test all clear. On going for a couple of weeks. Help?	Pain in groin With palpable lymph gland has to be evaluated. See your doctor to rule out inguinal hernia, or infection not chlamydia origin.
109579	During a brain angiogram, does the catheter remain in my artery while taking xray pics? Or do they take it out after injection of dye?	Out It is removed after the procedure, before you wake up.
1212882	30 days late neg blood & urine test. Last period 1/5/14 after getting off bcpills. Preg symptoms. Could i still b pregnant or what is going on?	Anovulation... If you are not getting a period, and the pregnancy tests are negative, then you are not ovulating. This is seen with thyroid disease, elevated prolactin levels and in a condition called pcos. Request a visit with your ob/gyn to discuss options for regulating your cycle and doing this testing.
109574	13 yr old fever 99-104. Now 3rd day.Nodes seem nml. Tylenol & motrin every 4 hours @ diff times.Fluids & eating nml.No ams/lethargy. Any ideas?	Consult your doctor I recommend that you visit a healthcare professional as soon as possible especially with the fever being as high as 104 deg f. Wishing you'all the very best.
106560	Why do I need mammogram and a breast ultrasound?	You have to ask your doctor. There are a number of possibilities why both were ordered. Did your doctor feel a lump? Was there an abnormality on screening mammo requiring extra views and ultrasound? Do you have dense breasts and adjunct ultrasound screening was felt to be warranted?
763493	Chills/fever, drowsy and body aches started 3 days ago. The symptoms improved 2 days later. Now i've had diarrhea the past 2 days.What should I do?	OTC Imodium should help control the diarrhea. If this does not resolve in next several days go and see a doctor and be evaluated. Hope this clears up soon.
1309999	Im now only had cserion 4 birth. 2mth. I had sex with my husband n he release sperm into my vagina. It's been 6 days. How to prevent from pregnant?	By various methods Consult your doctor for birth various control option none of them 100% proof, First avoid during fertility period that is 4 to 5 days before to 1 day after ovulation ovulation roughly 1 wk before period to 1 wk after period. Your doctor will give you options from contraceptives to IUD devices , of course use of condom.Tubal ligation is permanent option.
1244729	Can a hernia in your stomach cause an uncomfortable chest feeling, similar to the coming of a heart attack?	Hiatal hernia pain A hiatal hernia (gerd) causes acid to enter the esophagus from the stomach and the acid can cause pain similar to that of the heart not getting enough blood to supply oxygen to it, angina. It can cause patients to be admitted to the hospitals to rule out a heart attack. If one does not chest pain walking around and gets it at night, chances are it is caused by gerd. See a GI doc to diagnose gerd.
1425882	I have a sore in my mouth, looks like a little line of yellow. It's by my gums but on the upper part of my cheek,  doesn't hurt but keeps coming back?	Need exam and possible biopsy. See ENT or U can start with PCP or dentist. Good luck
519421	Menstrual cramps no bleeding for a week, tender breast, and period late 5days. Could i be pregnant?	Yes Indeed! Congratulations! i believe i just answered another quesion for you that suggested you already found out the answer to this question!
352651	My teeth, i feel ashamed of my teeth. Is this enough reason to see a dentist?	Yes. You should see a dentist regularly. You save yourself much money and pain by performing routine checkups with your dentist. We all get plaque on our teeth. If we do not remove that plaque, it will harden and form something called calculus. Calculus cannot be removed by toothbrush or floss. It is removed by a dental professional. If left untreated you can lose your bone and teeth.
540585	Is melatonin good for sleep maitenence insomnia?	Eval I agree w dr. Pappas. If you need chronic meds it warrants evaluation. Use good sleep hygiene. 1. Keep a regular bedtime & wakening time (to include weekends). Get up the same time each day, regardless of what time you fell asleep. 2. Make a regular, relaxing bedtime routine. Relaxing rituals prior to bedtime may include a warm bath or shower, aroma therapy, reading, or listening to gentle musi.
1511892	I took 16 Aleve pills, 10 Advil pills, and 4 tylenol pills in the past 10 hours for a slight headache. what symptoms may occur and should i see a dr?	Get Help ASAP! Tylenol is safe up to 4,000 mg a day. NSAIDs: 16 aleve pills and 10 advils maybe enough to make a hole in the stomach and it can seriously damage your liver. Bleeding to death internally is very painful. Get help ASAP!
1553215	Stomach flu starting Wednesday night. Still having bouts of diarrhea, lots of stomach pains, cramping, gas, loud stomach noises and movements. ?	Stomach flu It does sound about right for a viral gastroenteritis. Rest, hydrate, and nourish yourself with easily digestible foods like applesauce, rice, and bananas for now. If you are unable to stay hydrated, see a doctor.
1465133	I have pain and swelling in my right knee. I have a knot just under the kneecap.  Xrays were taken.  Nothing is broken.  MRI is ordered.  Do I need it?	Yes That is the next step in your evaluation of your painful swollen knee. Good luck.
1406607	I've been experiencing on and off bouts of constipation and diarrhea.  Also intestinal cramps.  Family history of celiac disease.  E.R MD thinks Gerd?	Gluten bad Gluten sensitivity genes are inherited. If celiac runs in your family, you likely have a gene or two. Not everyone will test positive. Do yourself a favor and do a trial of gluten and dairy free diet for a few months and see how you feel.
1101943	Would DVT pain come and go, or is it constant? Normal d dimer and doppler ultrasound in the past month. Pain still there, intermittent in calf + thigh	Unsure... You can have a DVT without having any pain at all, and the pain can be intermittent. But, very reassuring that the d-dimer and ultrasound tests were negative. You can also watch the size of the calf that is hurting (measure it with tape measure compared to opposite leg at same level); if it is bigger, then it might be worth repeating the ultrasound. But it sounds like something else is the cause.
1384765	I have a sore throat. This occurred yesterday. Had a fever the day before (Tuesday). Lymph nodes are swollen. Can barely swallow. Tonsil hurt.	Sore throat You could have a viral illness snd it will probably resolve on its own . Unless you have a reason to think you have been exposed to strep , I doubt it is strep ! You could go to your PCP to have a quick strep test , if neg , you will not need antibiotics , but they will still need to send the swab for a culture for confirmation . In the mean time use OTC Meds for pain Relief and fever control .
960447	Normal peak flow meter test, normal CT of lung, normal chest xray , normal echo, normal pulse ox / blood pressure can this rule out interstitial lung d?	Yes Hi tiffany, you don't have ild. Normal pulse ox is 95-98% on room air. Your pulse ox of 100% suggests hyperventilation. Next time you're feeling sob, try re-breathing into a paper (not plastic) bag for 1-2 minutes and see if that relieves your symptoms. Bew.
1293886	Female age 20, cholesterol is 4.80 mmol/l.        Hdl 1.33mmol/l and LDL 3.14 mmol/l is that bad?	No All are within normal limits. To promote health have a diet rich in fresh vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low fat milk and milk products, nuts, beans, legumes, lentils and small amounts of lean meats. Avoid saturated fats. Exercise at least 150 minutes/week and increase the intensity of exercise gradually. Do not use tobacco in any form and do not take any more than one drink on a given day.
569631	What is a gb-ct scan for? The tech said  it would show how radiation dye go through liver gallbladder to lower intestinal track	HIDA SCAN? You are probably referring to a hida (disida) scan - a nuclear imaging study that evaluates the health & function of the gallbladder. A radioactive tracer is injected in a vein, then allowed to circulate to the liver, where it is excreted into the biliary system and stored by the gallbladder. If gallbladder is healthy its usually visualized within 1 hour of injection.
1231922	Can a virgin girl get pregnant if the guy was wearing a condom, not having sexual intercourse, the condom didn't rip but semen came out and touched vag?	Yes If semen comes in contact with vagina, then theoretically, yes a woman can become pregnant. If the semen is solely on the outside of the vagina, then, of course, the chances are very very slim. Just not zero. Make sure to practice safe sex if you're not ready to be a parent. Best of luck.
6631750	How often does dysplastic Nevus turn into melanoma?  What percent will actually become malignant?  Thanks	Depends on grade Excisional biopsy of dysplastic nevi with moderate-to-severe and/or severe dysplasia can be of benefit because of the association and potential conversion to malignant melanoma. It is suggested that excision of biopsy-diagnosed DN with mild or moderate dysplasia has less of a benefit with minimal evidence of conversion to invasive melanoma.
6631755	how do u know if ur sick or just have allergies?   I've have itchy throat and a bad cough,  plugged ears and dizziness. no fever,  in phx Arizona.	Few wks It will take few wks......varies significantly....
279007	I have been cursed with a constant yeast/bacterial vaginal  infection. Have tried everything. Have had tests. Extreme itching, a lot of discharge?	Culture & Treatment Culture to make sure it is yeast. Consider allergy testing. Consider dual therapy such of gyne lotrimin and Diflucan for a longer treatment. Treat sexual partner at the same time you are being treated. If all else fails, have an immune workup by a specialist.
288000	I have some bleeding nausea dizziness it's a week before my period and i'm having some bleeding. Could i be pregnant?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Purchase and perform a home pregnancy test. They become positive about the same time that you're a week late. If it's negative, repeatit in one week and call your doctor.
1475088	I took 2 zyrtec 10 mg and I was around 2 dogs for several hours. I'm wheezing and chest feels tight. Is it safe to take benadryl?	Go to ER ASAP go to ER ASAP because you might be having an acute asthmatic attack and could get worse suddenly
1419963	Is it really dangerous to have 2 CT scans of head 5 and a half months apart? Will it cause  brain tumor like some people say?	Safe This is well within the safe dose of radiation exposure. It is important to remember that time does not reduce the risks of exposure to more radiation. In otherwords, radiation exposure doesn't "wear off", and is cumulative over your lifetime. Best way to think about it is if the ct scan is really necessary, do it. If if not really necessary, hold off. Discuss this with your doctor to find out.
1570303	Semetrical, red, VERY itchy small bumps on my elbows. When i scatch, they bleed.
The itchiness doesnt stop throughout the day. Since 4 days ago.	Dry skin? Apply moisturizer at the area at least 2x daily especially after bathing. Topical hydrocortisone cream for a few days may help. If problem persists, see dermatologist.
1237517	Could  nose bleeds and the numbness in my feet and hands be caused by my high blood pressure?	Probably not But depending on how high, you could be having a stroke. See a doctor now for accurate blood pressure and other tests to see if there are other causes for your symptoms.
6781445	About a week ago i noticed a small rissin itchy bump on my sac. It soon spread on my thighs and shaft. It only itches at night and morning. help me.	Exam needed This must be seen and evaluated by a physician as the problem may be a herpes infection which requires treatment. Other possibilities include allergic reaction to clothing or a yeast infection, but inspection of the eruption is required in order to diagnose and prescribe appropriate treatment.
570918	Can you easily get a bacterial infection like strep a b  through your vagina from having sex that is not an std, or is it rare if its protected sex.	Yes The vagina has normal bacteria that is not always sexually transmitted.
401296	Do I have pmdd? I have periods of tiredness, yet insomnia, severe pain, and headaches, loneliness, anxiety, no energy, and difficulty going to school and work before my period. I get depressed. But I do not have depression on a daily basis other than then	It It is possible you are suffering from premenstrual dysphoric disorder. Your gynecologist will be able to obtain a more detailed history and timeline of your symptoms so as to make the diagnosis. There are treatment options available. One being birth control, another being anti-depressants which are taken half the month. For this your gyn may want you to see a psychiatrist. Please follow up with your doctor. All the best.
1263294	I have a small lump inside the upper right part of my belly button. It is soft. Occasionally it itches but most of the time it does not. Seems like hernias are all outside of belly button and not in.	Sounds like a hernia Umbilical hernias are common. They can be congenital or develop from a weakness in the tissue behind the navel. All should be surgically repaired for they can grow - and, in worst cases, trap bowel in them which can be very serious. The operation is to fix them is simple (day surgery) and not dangerous. Please do see a doctor for a proper diagnosis - it does sound like a hernia. Peter wilk, md.
6737549	I have nausea/diarrhea, bad lower back/flank pain and left abdominal pain under left rib that radiates into my back, What are possible general causes?	Many Kidney, bowel, gallbladder, pancreas and bowel. Get checked. It may be a simple GI infection or something else. Stay hydrated. Be seen in the ER. All the best.
1498798	Can I use Dilaudid with Phenergan before sleep when have pain? I took Dilaudid 4mg for strong headache and woke up with nausea and vomiting.	What does your Dr. say? Both of those narcotics are habit forming and addictive outside of short term pain management/use. Phenergan is a decongestant, but is a controlled substance. So, ask your doctor what is best for now. If this is what your management includes, then it will make you drowsy. You shouldn't be driving/operating machinery while on it. Otherwise, there are safer OTCs that can work well for sleep.
912181	What's the expert opinion, could there ever be an HPV cure for genital warts?	More of prevention With the advent of availability of the hpv vaccine , we need to be talking about never having the hpv infection including genital wart but more so cervical cancer and other related cancers . As far as treatment is concerned , there are effective treatment . However , if you set our goal at cure , it may not realize all the time . Prevention is always better and less costly than cure
1433426	Woke up with swollen back of throat (top and middle). Hard to swallow & clear throat.  Mouth breather. Don't feel sick? How can I make this go away.	Throat Although it sounds like silent acid reflux or dryness, you definitely should check this out today. Sometimes its allergic or a swollen uvula
1354825	11 days since i've had sex my period was suppose to start three days ago instead i got implantation bleeding,blood test is negative,could i be pregnan?	May be too early to tell. Conception, as defined by the generation of a fertilized ovum, occurs within day or so of the sex. However, it takes about two weeks for the embryo to make enough HCG to produce a positive pregnancy test. Blood test may be done a day after a missed period. Home pregnancy tests should be done 4-5 days after the missed period. You may wish to repeat the test in 4-5 days.
1122722	Lyme IgG test .91 is this high?	No The test is negative.
1555739	My son may have ringworm of the scalp. His skin is flaking - and a sore on his scalp.  It's itchy and he has a stomach ache, headache and sore throat?	Fungus Need treatment with oral grisiofuvin. ....may need to have antibiotic if secondary infection...see a doc.
1068842	Bloating like 3 or 4months pregnant, very sore breast, abdomen pain and fatigue. I'm ttc and 9dpo. Can these be sign of implantation or early pregnancy?	Take a test If the symptoms were from pregnancy then that would mean you have enough circulating hormones to be causing the symptoms. If there are hormones present then a pregnancy test would be positive. Seems not likely since these are not symptoms of pregnancy.
728622	I've been waking up with sore knees and to touch it feels like I have a bruise there! any ideas? Thanks in advance	Go see your DR And get checked for strain, inflammation/arthritis or infection of your knee. Take care!
374052	Experienced my 2nd kidney stone yesterday. How can I prevent passing another? I'm 26 years old, and yesterday i passed a kidney stone. This was my second experience with a kidney stone, as i also passed one about 15-months ago. As anybody that has experie	If If this is your second episode of stone passage you should have a complete workup for stone formation. This includes: blood work, 24-stone risk urinalysis, pth, and if you have the stone, even better, then it should be sent for stone analysis. Depending on the results, you can prevent the frequency of stone episode with diet, increase water intake and specific medications.
863955	What can a tilt table test determine? Can it show poor blood circulation?	Tilt table This test is used to check changes in blood pressure when lying flat on a table and then when being upright ( perpendicular to the ground ). Some people have dizziness when they get out of bed and stand up.Their body does not adjust to postural changes.Gravity causes a drop in blood pressure.This test recreates these postural changes while monitoring the changes in blood pressure.
822901	Several times a day i feel like my lower lip shrink for 3 seconds then come back normal can that be brain tumor 3 yrs ago my head CT scan come normal?	Likely not tumor It depends on the frequency and severity of symptoms, but you might consider requesting your doctor to order an MRI brain with and without contrast (it provides better detail of the brain than does the ct).
126331	I'm man 30 year old, got acute diarrhea since 36 hours ago. Its all watery and greenish. Got nausea& green vomiting with slight fever. Pls advise?	Sounds viral As long as you are not having high fever, chills, other systemic signs of inflammation, this should get better within 24-48 hours. Stay hydrated, drinking small amounts of clear liquids often. If you are not improving or getting worse with time, see a doctor.
1170391	Period is 1 day late. Sexually active. Breast soreness before my period not this month. Hormonal. White gooey discharge, no scent or itch. Pregnant?	We never guess We never guess when it comes to pregnancy. It is time for a pregnancy test.
905718	I feel pressure in the middle and sides of my back 9 weeks pregnant no ectopic thing but I have retroverted uterus pain started yesterday am i miscarryi?	Not likely Those are not really signs of a miscarriage. This early the only way to know if everything is ok is to be seen by your doctor. A retroverted uterus should not have anything to do with things at this point. Many pregnant women complain of pressure and discomfort.
370288	I have a swollen upper abdomen and pain on my left side with massive gas, pain and bloating on my left side.?	Stomach Upper abomen pain and swelling means a stomach problem if symptoms unrelieved by otc gas & acid control meds, go for an upper endoscopy.
1110120	Can a bacterial infection cause swollen lymph in groin and vaginal bumps?	Possible Bacterial infections as well as cancer can cause these swellings. Please consult with your physician soon.
1473393	I have been on birth control for 6 months. I am 2 weeks late on my period, and I just found out I have an ovarian cyst. Can I be pregnant ?	Missed pills? If you missed taking your pills in a regular fashion run a pregnancy test. Otherwise, you probably are not pregnant and your period is just delayed.
241243	Is 1 beer a day good for overall health & could prevent kidney stones? Am I misinformed about this?	Possibly Moderate (1-2 drinks daily) alcohol consumption in men has been shown to reduce blood pressure and increase hdl. The increase in urine volume may be helpful in the reduction of stone formation. However, if one does not drink alcohol these are not felt to be reasons to start doing so.
1230674	2 mnths ago i urinate after ejaculation i had feeling of pain belw scrotm and burning and weak flow of urine.Taken 2 weeks antibio.But still problm.	Prostatitis or ureteritis Would suggest obtaining a urine specimen for culture as well as a urinalysis. A thorough physical examination and history by your primary care physician or urologist would be beneficial. After the exam they may obtain a urinary flow rate and bladder scan to assess any residual urine after voiding. Could also be a urethritis from a std and appropriate antibiotic could be administered.
1356902	I have an ectopic pregnancy & had my left tube removed. My right tube has a blockage & I have endometriosis.What should I do if I plan to conceive later on?	Fertility consult i have many patients with this issue. there is still a possibility of getting pregnant with this story however the odds are against you. make sure your significant other has normal spern analysis. IUI and ivf are certainly good options for you, seek care with a fertility specialist in your area. good luck
213329	What could be causing the following symptoms: swelling of lymph nodes in neck and "clogged" ears?	Infection Upper respiratory infxn &/or ear infxn with eustachian tube involvement can cause such findings; may be viral or bacterial. Decongestants like sudafed may relieve "clogged ears". If throat sore or purulent drainage or fever over 101 see doc for eval. May need antibiotics if bacterial infxn.
1509771	Hi, my 3 year old daughter is complaining about itchy around the rectal area and its very red and there are some small pimples around. help please?	Itching You should get it checked out. Could be a fungal rash, possibly a bacterial rash, but definitely get it checked out because might have to checked out for pinworms.
1014179	I fell on  my knee and now it hurts and now it feels like I have water sensation running down my leg? I have bad sciatic problems and can barely walk.	Find a pain medicine Physician who will examine you, and will make all the necessary treatment recommendations.
794817	I discovered a painful lump under my left armpit, it has since moved down into my inner elbow and now is on my inner forearm. It is painful and tender?	Painful lumps It sounds like you have swollen lymph nodes. Consult your physician for evaluation and treatment.
1041774	If a patient having angina pectoris is also suffering from hypotension and bradycardia which antianginal can be used that do not exacerbate hypotensio?	No beta blockers Nitrates and some calcium channel blockers but you should have an angiogram.
642187	Im bulimic. Last month a week after i had my period i was spotting im not sexually active. I was suppose to get my period yesterday but i didnt. ?	Consult gynecologist I am a psychologist so it is out of my field a bit but it is best to rule out medical explanations before making guesses. Any online advice would need to be supplemented by lab work and a physical exam. In my experience I have heard that bulimic behavior and anorexia causes abnormal cycles. Please consult your doctor and a counselor. Good luck.
282189	My husband has been running a low grade fever of about 100 to 100.3 for about 3 days no respitory stuff or sore throat , walk-in clinic did flu test came back neg, he has miner body aches what could this be ?	Viral illness This is likely a viral illness. Give it some time and it should resolve.
6702834	Intercourse 4/26just birth control (lo loestrin fe) and pull out.
Very bad cramping along with sore breasts &grainy period for a week could I be preg?	Unlikely but if are are late for your next period, be sure to check a pregnancy test
1602692	Due period in 4 days, Breasts have been very tender and noticable blue veins over breasts, chest and nipples. Very tired and bleeding gums. Pregnant?	Maybe If you have been having unprotected intercourse pregnancy is always a possibility but other things could also be the cause. If your period is late or is not normal, do a pregnancy test and if it is negative and your period still hasn't started repeat it in 3-5 days. Hope this helps.
1533189	My 6 year old has a diarrhea and vomiting, is it stomach flu?	Probably Although not really "flu", it is most likely an enterovirus infection. It is very important to make sure he does not become dehydrated. Give him clear liquids, sips at a time if that is what he will take, and avoid milk. If you are unable to keep up with his fluid losses, please go to the ER or your doctor for assistance.
1372424	I went to swim 2 days ago and my eyes afterwards were bloodshot red and swollen .they are clearing up and swelling has went down .but now foggy vision?	Chlorine Chlorine can cause some of the symptoms you have mentioned. but it shouldn't last that long.Get your eyes examined soon.
96348	Why won't my dentist drain my dental abscess?	It may be too early In addition to above answer, there are other factors. Infection go through stages. First, the toxins released by the bacteria and dead tissue cause inflammation which is associated with tissue swelling and pain. There is nothing to drain then. As more white blood cells migrate to the infection some will die along with your tissue causing cavitation filled with pus, & that is the time to drain it.
96345	Is it painful when they drain a dental abscess at the dentist office?	Opposite-relief! Since there is "pus under pressure" in a dental abscess, you will find that the release of this pus by incision and drainage, will provide you with a remarkably quick way of relieving the "pain" of the abscess.
759331	I went to the e.R yesterday  for abdominal pain and irregular bleeding not sure if its my period or what they said i had n ovarian cyst rupture?	Check papers Read your discharge papers- they should explain your diagnosis.
1522454	Does benzalkonium chloride aggravtes nasal congestion? Should we avoid saline sprays that contain it?	Unusual but possible Since people are so different in their tolerance, it is possible but usually not observed if only used twice daily. You can also use just boiled water to make the saline followed by cooling. This may have to be done for each occasion however. Have you tried preservative-free saline in a canister?
6758576	Mum has inflamm arthritis had knee MRI "loss of cartilage, subarticular stress pattern + large joint effusion"
Is this long term change? Pls explain?	Yes, changes like those you describe usually do not improve. Once cartilage is damaged, it doesn't repair well. The inflammation and the joint effusion can be controlled with medication. Surgical intervention May also be necessary. Always talk to your physician for a plan.
6669868	On my inner thigh very close to my vagina I feel a bump that is movable and seems to be fluid filled. After I touch it, my leg feels a little weird. ?	Evaluation by doctor I would recommend having it looked at. It could be anything from a cyst to a hernia. Hernias can be serious if there is bowel caught in it. It is really hard to guess what it might be without an examination. Consider seeing primary doctor or gynecologist.
6643285	Headache stuffy nose with clearn sometimes colored mucus cough producing yellowish green mucus tired weak.. no fever no sore throat?	Uri If these symptoms of an upper respiratory tract infection have followed a simple head cold and are over ten days old, it would indicate that the viral phase is now replaced by a bacterial infection of the sinuses and bronchial tract and antibiotics are now needed. Discuss this with your physician.
6786466	Nipples are sore. Tired all the time. Missed period since sep 26. 7 days late. White discharge. No cramps just some stomach pains. 
?	Check pg test. if you have had sex in the last month or two, check a pregnancy test. Follow the instructions exactly and be sure kit is not expired. If negative, and you miss your next period, see a doc for evaluation. Lots of things besides pregnancy can cause abnormal or missed periods. Check this site for missed period or abnormal periods. This question has been answered thousands of times.
1142329	Stopped eating high lactose food for 2 wks. Still some pain, blood in stool, etc, but I do feel better. No more horrid diarrhea. Chronic low-grade fever (7 months) also gone for 5 days now. Connected?	Lactose intolerant Your symptoms may be connected but i would still consider the possibility of irritable bowel disease like crohns or ulcerative colitis.
6744962	Im 28 weeks pregnant with my second and the midwife found 2 pluses of protein in my urine sample yesterday they analysed it and found white blood cells aswell, but ive had no indication of urine infections and have felt light headed and vacant quite a bit	Need Antibiotics When you are pregnant, you can have the beginning of a bladder infection without symptoms. These need to be treated with antibiotics because they can progress to a serious kidney infection by the time you start having symptoms. A kidney infection can increase the protein in your urine. Urine protein can also signal you have Pre-eclampsia. Your midwife will be watching for this. Best wishes!
1241607	Any advice? I have been getting heart palpitations during and after period?	Cyclical symptoms These are very common, and often benign.
1433639	Sis s pregnant.hsv1 IgG -ve,igm +ve.primary infection.doc diag hsv1 in lips not genital.does IgM cross placenta?is der any chance to hve healthybaby?	Valtrex Valtrex is a same and effective drug that might decease the risk of transmission to the infant
6683887	My son is 6 years old and 3 monthes ago he got the mono.and till now his spleen is verry enlarged ?is it normal?	Infectious mono Sometimes Spleen can remain enlarged for long time . Avoid contact sports and lifting heavy weights .
1579352	I was diagnosed w anxiety and prescribed Zoloft but still having resting hr of approx 90 and pacs and pvcs on holter with no other issues. ?	Anxiety Sorry but there isn't enough information about you to advise you other than to consult your Doctor who prescribed your zoloft. You may be ok or you may need adjustment of your treatment, these judgments can't be made properly without lots more information and seeing the patient.
1448019	I donated blood yesterday, will this affect the results of a liver/kidney function blood test I am getting done next week?	Should not Donating blood is not likely to affect your liver or kidney function tests. Thank you for donating!
6749287	When knee is bend I feel something tearing inside when knee is unbend I get a cold sensation my knee is swollen plus in my lower leg I get cramps 
?	See orthopedist Have you seen anyone yet?
1582865	I have a bad abcess tooth doc gave me 15 days of Antibiotic tooth is still infected  can vitamin C help fight the infection?	Can't hurt... But your dentist should re-evaluate the infection. If the antibiotics are not working as expected, the abscess may need to be drained or the antibiotic changed. Hard to know for sure over the internet.
1607644	Ongoing knee experiments. knee pain and swelling. Hurts to walk . Have had tears on cartilage. Have a brace and crutches. What should I do?	See details See a rheumatologist or orthopedist. I have no idea what you mean by knee experiment.
1297952	Docs, could a burst ovarian cyst cause bleeding like you've started your period?	Yes yes, it can
952383	Are fexofenadine HCl and diphenhydramine HCl the same?	No Benadryl is a short-acting antihistamine and is more likely to make you sleepy when used. Fexofenadine is a second-generation, non-sedating antihistamine which should have more lasting effects, closer to 24 hours, and is less likely to make you sleepy.
1306065	Tingling from right elbow down. 17. Broke right wrist in 4th grade. Started after work today (housekeeping)?	Tennis elbow This sounds like lateral epicondylitis, more commonly known as "tennis elbow. " did you hit your elbow while working? It is possible you have a muscle strain or pinched nerve. If you have continued pain, see a doctor. Generally, tennis elbow is treated with resting of the affected arm and nsaids as needed.
94186	Could I have melanoma. I have a mole on my ribs that is very big and dark in the center. ?	Possible .. Possible, please see a dermatologist asap.
6665762	I'm 18. Had sex a lot during ovulation. I'm 4 days late now. Fatigued nauseous cramps sore breasts headaches moody. Took tests say negative preg posib?	Pregnant? still could. repeat tests or get a blood test for confirmation
1489879	Pain in left side & abnormal BM for month- liver, lungs, blood, urine, endoscopy, kidneys, gall bladder, lungs, heart, all ok - possible colon cancer?	Worries colon cancer first I need to know your age and family history of colon cancer and other cancers and your BMI and your eating habits and your smoking drinking daily activities Vitamin D levels history of colonoscopy weight loss your hemoglobin and iron levels;so many issues before I jump into the dilemma of colon cancer concerns for non-specific symptoms which has been for a month or so!!!
678725	I have a left side upper chest pain and i noticed coughing up a little bright red blood at morning only.I got X-ray and ECG done.Nothing detected.	Noncardiac Follow up with a lung specialist pulmonologist -- you may need chest ct.
1059672	Server pain in rght armpit and elbow w/tingling down to distal forearm;atrophy in armpit, elbow, and thenar mscle of hand.	Pinched Nerve Your description sounds like you have a pinched nerve until proven otherwise! with muscle atrophy compared to the opposite side i would get this checked by a spine or orthopedic doctors. You should expect to get imaging tests of your neck and possibly a nerve test.
1429502	Home pregnancy test negative... Still spotting light pink and brown.  nausea hurts when lay in belly, breast tenderness. Can a Blood test be Positive?	See Your doctor and have a blood test done to confirm whether you are or are not pregnant. The home tests are good but not as accurate as the blood tests
1364620	I'm irregular. started spotting bright red then brown and now I have a light period. Sexually active too.. pregnant?	Irregular period Irregular periods + sexual activity - birth control = pregnant. ..maybe. If you are unsure when your cycle will come it is SUPER important to have reliable birth control if sexually active. Otherwise, stock up on diapers and start picking out names.
6629592	Multiple CTs in the past 10 years. Probably 7+ head & 6 of lungs, 3 abdomen. What are my general cancer risks from CT? Brain tumor risk?  Thank you	Low if you ever had sunburn before in your life, it's likely that you received more hard radiation from that experience. Risk of radiation induced cancer is not only dose dependent but also related to recovery time between exposure.
357553	Four year old has had stomach cramps and diarrhea for six weeks. Stool sample was checked and normal.  Why is it lasting so long?	Stool sample Cannot say what is wrong with your 4 yr old because need more info. What tests were run on the stool? Sounds like they might have giardiasis, but without more history, and knowledge about what tests were run, very difficult to predict. Go back to pediatrician and get more info. This is not normal.
6691860	I have been on Gabapentin for neuropathy for 1 year by neurologist.also on Lyrica for 4 mos.for Fibromyalgia by Rheumatologist. Is both ok together?	Neurontin/Lyrica Together you might experience dizziness, drowsiness, poor concentration, impaired judgment & thinking.
6629598	For the last 14 days I have had nausea...vomiting at times...can't stand the smell of foods,tender breasts,extreme fatigue, white discharge.ideas?	Visit your MD Your symptoms are concerning for an infection. Please visit your Primary Care Doctor for further assessment
1048443	My doctor told me i had bacterial vaginosis and said that doxycycline would clear it up or in case i had chlamydia it would clear it up to is that tru?	Doxycycline Is not the treatment of choice for BV but it may work depending on what u have , doxy should get rid of chlamydia if u have that, i assume u had cultures cause that will show exactly what u have as u can have BV and std at the same time, the treatment of choice for BV is Clindesse vag cream, or Metrogel or oral flagyl.
970866	Will a saline nasal spray help stopped up allergy ears?	Possibly Nasal saline is a mild decongestant so it may be beneficial to use in patients with ear congestion from allergies.
1246218	Cramps and back pain, clear and brown stretchy discharge, late period. No STDs or infections. No discomfort or odor. What could be wrong?	Pregnancy? Pregnancy is possible. Take a pregnancy test with a first morning urine or ask your doctor for a blood HCG test.
1438225	Tingling sensation then blood in urine. Passed sac 4 weeks later with white tissue. Took hCG blood test 3 weeks after was neg. Did I miscarry?	Unknown Blood in urine is not a sign of pregnancy. I assume you passed tissue you're calling a sac vaginally, and not in your urine. Did you have a positive pregnancy test BEFORE all of this happened? If yes, you probably did miscarry. If NO, then there is no way to tell. You don't mention if you had normal periods; this information could help. Regardless, you are not pregnant now. Good luck!
1143184	I have bicournuate uterus dr last  8 week pregnant miscarriage with heavy blood clots after we go to cheke hospital dr I have lupus anticlment please ans?	Cause of miscarriage Most miscarriages are caused by genetic abnormalities in the fetus and are unavoidable. In your case, it is possible that the bicornuate uterus may have caused it, though many women with this abnormality can carry a pregnancy to term. Lupus anticoagulant can cause miscarriages but it fairly unusual this early on. Unless there are other medical indications, there is no reason to test with one loss.
140379	Is part of having kids stress incontinence?	No, but common U can have stress incontinence without kids, but its definitely more common when you have vaginal birth- or more than 2 children by either route.
1086934	Which food should you take if you have herpes simplex type II igg?	What you like Eat sensibly as anyone else should. Your food choices won't affect your having herpes simplex ii on board, or the frequency of outbreaks if you have these.
6742236	Cardiologist wants me to take metoprolol ER 1/2 25 mgs daily. Why? Sinus tachy  not every nite or day -Blood test/ekg ok holter
Minor skip	Your call, I guess There may be something he/she picked up that you didn't know to share, or he/she may simply be seeking to avoid liability if you have a major rhythm problem. Do you have symptoms that trouble you? Are you hypertensive? Why were you seen? It sounds like a frank chat is in order. Often the best treatment is "nothing" and ultimately it is your choice.
902160	I found a small bump under my eye on my upper cheek area. It's under the skin which is a bit red, and sore to the touch. Help me please?	Many possibilities If its on the lower eyelid, it could be a style or chalazion. It is best to use warm compresses 2-3 times per day and these usually go away on their own. If it is on the cheek, it may be a papule or pustule like in acne. It would need to be evaluated to be certain of the diagnosis.
64269	I have had abdominal surgery and feel the scar tissue is wrapped around my colon,  & can't eat due to pain and bloating. What should I do?	See your surgeon .
766155	After a needle breast biopsy, why would there be bruising directly opposite the incision as well as close to the incision, but only in these 2spots?	It is due to some bl Some amount of bleeding does occur after a biopsy. This will show up on the skin surface after a few days. Where the blood moves is dependent on the position in which you rest or lie down. But it does not matter where the bruising is located. It will disapprear in a matter of 5-10 days. Nothing to worry about.
763307	I have little white bumps all around the outside of vagina I have yeast infections all the time. I have no stds. Is this normal?	Need exam Bumps may represent different conditions, some infectious. An examination will make the diagnosis.
1432348	16 days past ovulation no period and have a watery cervical mucus or discharge. What is going on? Can that be a pregnancy symptom??	Missing period A missed period is a sign of pregnancy. Not the vaginal discharge. If you had sex during ovulation and your period is delayed then rather than speculate you go get a pregnancy test. We would never just guess. Go test.
1411341	8mm of gap in femur,grafting surgery done from anterior spine on 26.6.14, 8 month old fracture. HOW MUCH TIME WILL IT TAKE TO HEAL? estimation please?	Varies It varies tremendously. It sounds like you have a delayed or nonunion of your femur fracture. Bone grafting (as you had), dynamics ruin, and use of a bone stimulator are all attempts to get this to heal. Make sure you are not using nicotine or NSAIDs, both of which delay healing. Best case scenario- heals in 8-12 weeks, worst case- still does not heal and needs more surgery.
6760584	All my kids have a hard time going to sleep and my dr told me to give them melatonin. I now have a 2 yr old and she has the same sleep problem. Can she take it? It's the weekend so I can't call him.	Yes You can give her a low dose of melatonin. That said, if there is such a strong family history of sleep problems it may be a good idea to consult a sleep specialist.
339025	I got elbowed in my eyebrow accidentally 1 week ago.  Swelling down, but still a small bump that hurts when touched.  Worth checking out?	Probably not You have received a contusion and these take a little time to heal. If the vision is normal and you do not see double, then you just need a little more time for this bump which is probably a bruised healing point to disappear. You might try using local heat to speed this process.
762314	Is it common for cyst to form under nipple in male? Swells up oneday , next day smaller. Should i be worried about male breast cancer? 27 yr old male	Breast cancer Breast cancer is rare in males. This should be evaluated by a breast surgeon so that the appropriate study like an ultrasound can be used to help determine the next steps.
340579	What types of arthritis can cause red swollen joints that are sore more often than not.?	Osteo arthritis Osteo arthritis is likely, if no deformity in the joints. Anti-inflammatory medications such as Ibuprofen or Naproxen can help with the inflammation and soreness. Make sure to take with food to avoid stomach irritation.
6683993	(6 months) occasional tightness in my chest and heart palpitations. One week ago I had a strong palpitation and started sweating. Is this dangerous?	PALPITATIONS W/U Palpitations that symptomatic deserve a prompt W/U: exam/labs especially TFTS/EKG/Event Monitor/ECHO andThe discussion of treatment options with your doctor. While you are waiting eliminate caffeine focus on staying hydrated. If palpitations worsen or syncope develops go directly to the ER stick to a GF diet WholeApproach.com gutbliss.com. MAGINEX/INDERAL/VERAPAMIL can be effective.
278831	Urine test shows traces or leukocytes and protieon , does that mean uti, pH is 7.0. I have pain in my back and pelvis area. No burning or cloudy urine. Should I take  macrobid?	Not without Rx While you may indeed have a uti, taking a medication that requires a prescription should not be done without physician oversight. There may be reasons unrelated to your symptoms that prevent a physician from wanting you to be on a particular medication.
622880	Patella pop when bending my knee after ACL reconstruction. Worried?	Maybe If this was a patellar tendon autograft might be related. Otherwise can be scar tissue, graft impingement, cyclops lesion or damage to the graft or meniscus. Can also be related to the screws or fixation method for the graft. Gets complicated. See your dr.
965467	Diagnosed wirh pid.  Esr and blood count normal.  Now I have itching and burning in vagina along wirh burning when urinate. Also back pain. Cause?	Reg Symptoms These are regular symptoms that accompany pelvic inflammatory disease.
748035	I have bald spot in the, top of my head my hair keep falling  out?	Multiple possibiliti This could be something that is called alopecia areata which has treatment options or it could be androgenic. It is important to get if evaluated by a dermatologist as there can also be associations with autoimmune problems.
523968	What is an option to lyrica and cymbalta for treating comorbid major depressive disorder and neuropathy seconday to surgical errors at l5-s1?	Consider acupuncture Although different procedure would be used, acupuncture can address both issues.
323662	I have had an itchy rash on my chest for over a month, night sweats and  diarrhea that has clear mucus in it. My breasts feel very dense and bumpy.?	See a doctor As you have already recognized, this is very abnormal. You need to be seen, examined and tested. Please go soon.
799998	1 day after mole was shave biopsied for cosmetic reasons, there is a blackish/blue spot left over.Dr never thought melanoma but now i'm worried!cause?	Post procedure What you are describing sounds like a local tissue response to the procedure you had. The biopsy results will confirm what the lesion was.
219998	If my HIV viral load is undetectable, would that mean I show up negative on a HIV blood test?	No Congratulations on achieving an undetectable HIV viral load on assay. You will still have the antibodies, which are what a routine HIV blood test measures. But keep up the good work, and be proud.
568372	Will i benefit more from drinking gatorade when working out rather than water?	Benefit how? Gatorade is designed to replace the fluid lost to exercise in the humidity and heat. If you are not losing lots of fluid you shouldnt need it, if fluid losses are affecting your performance then you may benefit. This takes a strenuous exercise, like playing football and getting very sweaty.
384050	Could my sore be an std? Sometimes when my husband and I have sex, i get a sore on my vagina. It is never more than one. It looks like a pimple or an ingrown hair. It does not happen every time, but it seems to happen more often after oral sex. Could this	It It could possibly be an std, although there are other possibilities. Herpes, chancroid, or even syphilis can cause sores. However so can non-sexually transmitted diseases such as folliculitis or gland infections. Please have this checked out by your doctor or a gynecologist. If you have discharge, fever, or pain then you must be seen immediately.
323935	I have recently had an ACL surgery 5months ago and i  am starting to experience knee crackles every time i bend it. Is this normal?	Most likely Noisy or grinding knees are rarely a concern unless accompanied by pain. The most common cause of knee grinding is altered mechanics within the patellofemoral joint causing the backside of the kneecap to rub against the groove in the femur. Quadriceps weakness after acl surgery can lead to these altered biomechanics. Continue your rehab, with a focus on quad and hamstring strengthening.
295179	6 month soreness rt shoulder, upper arm; numb/tingling /cold fingers; neck soreness less so.Hist rheumatoid, not carpal tunnel?	Not Likely. See your rheum doc, pcp or pmr doc.
179570	7 year old child with fever of 103, called pedi, told to alternating ibuprofen and acetaminophen. Fever was as high as 104 is that ER time?	If parent is worried Whether or not a 7 yr old with a fever of 104 needs to go to the E. R. Depends on if the parent is very worried, and if the child actually has serious symptoms. If the parent is very worried, he should take the child to the E.R. No matter what the fever is. But, a normal healthy 7yr kid who looks pretty good, acts pretty normal, and just started a high fever, usually can see the dr. In the morning.
6754270	Results of fecal occult blood test came back positive on 1 of 3 test strips doctor has referred me to get colonoscopy and EGD. Am worried about cancer?	Very unlikely You have bleeding in your intestine and a colonoscopy is a reasonable investigation to identify the source of bleeding. However, the risk of colon cancer at your age is very unlikely.
357142	Slightly irritated cervix, itchy vagina, slight pelvic pain, and sometimes discharge is yellow. Neg for STD and yeast. Past history of chlamydia.Help?	See gyne You need additional testing and perhaps empiric treatment which means making an educated guess and treating you as a somewhat backwards way of making the diagnosis. It's not ideal, but sometimes needs to be done. For example, your doc may believe that you have mycoplasma genitalium, though routine testing isn't available. Or may think u had a false neg chlamydia test & will treat u. See gynecology.
1335121	I have it sex with fingers .... And he kiss me in my vagina ..we kiss each other I have sore throat now I'm very worried if I get HIV .	Not HIV You didn't get HIV doing what you describe. You might have gonorrhea if he has it in his mouth, or you might have met CMV or infectious mono. Kissing is worth the risk, and I hope you're glad that you found love.
671643	Might infected pirerced ears spread infection to the parotid gland?	No They are not at borderline. Treat it asap. Skin infection some tims can go to kidney like throat inf to rhematic fever.
53656	I have a lump in my right breast. How can I get help quickly and not wait in a long line for a mammogram?	See your Doc ASAP Your Doc can expedite your mammogram and/or biopsy if clinically needed. Call ASAP and follow their lead. Good luck.
629507	I used an acne treatment with 2% benzoyl peroxide and now my face is burning and extremely dry, what can I do?	Frequency matters If you used just a single application, you may not be able to tolerate this strength of benzoyl peroxide. If it took a few days before this reaction developed, you can try a decreased frequency of use, such as every 2, 3, or 4 days.
6715925	Small purple red dots on Labia. Look raised & bumpy until stretched out when they get flat. No itchiness or pain but unsure of changes. I'm 10m pp.	See a doctor See a doctor and let them check you.
1213764	Painful fingertips, thumb and twi fingers nex to it, in the left hand. Pain goes all the way up to shoulder. Dissappeared for 1 week and started again?	Let me explain Every time you numbness that tell some things have to do with the nerves, inflammation, pressure locally or proximal and distal to the area, i see you metformin do you have diabetes ?
6681646	I had carpal tunnel surgery a few months ago and just in the past week started having symptoms of trigger thumb same hand how quickly should i see doc?	May as well do it no It is common for a trigger thumb to develop after carpal tunnel surgery. This first line of treatment is an injection, which will not have any significant down time.
1495331	My heart keep hurting , when I  scream my heart was beeping real fast and today my hurt was hurting bad and my back and neck. I just had a baby but she's not in my care so when I think about her my heart beep real fast and 2 times last week my breath got	Find Someone to talk to about your feelings. Support groups will help a great deal. Talk to your doctor and set up some avenues to help you deal with the situation
1297571	Please recommend the best dandruff shampoo for itchy scalp?	Anti-dandruff 'poos Dandruff is associated with malassezia fungus infection. Buy over-the-counter dandruff shampoos, and look for one that contains zinc pyrithione, which can reduce the fungus; selenium sulfide, which can limit cell turnover and decrease the amount of fungus; salicylic acid, which works as a sort of scrub to slough off dead skin; or ketoconazole, which works against a broad array of fungi.
1152034	I have a red vulva. Not itchy, but is quite red/swollen. No other symptoms. I did have a yeast infection a while back that i treated?	Many possibilities Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment. Yeat is certainly one of the many possibilities. You could try an over the counter yeast cream while waiting on a doctor visit.
6658491	The last couple of days I have been throwing up and having diarrhea.  After I took Imodium ad I have not threw up but I still have diarrhea. Plz help?	Could be GI bug Nausea/vomiting/diarrhea sounds like a GI bug. You should drink plently of fluids. If unable to keep fluids down or symptoms persist beyond 3 days I would consider seeing a doctor.
543357	I don't have a head ache per say but i feel like someone is stabbing me in the head, it's not just in one spot! it's spur attic, I have mood swings?	Stress headaches There are muscles circling your skull. During stress, these muscles tighten up, and may spasm. Sounds like stress and anxiety. I am not sure what this has to do with mood swings, because they are inside, not outside, your head! :-).
1078898	Need spec. Doc for constant utis urine reading is normal except have trace of leuk always. Urologist can't help. Had 7 diff. Antibiotics since may?	UTI A urinalysis showing trace leukocytes does not in and by itself mean urinary tract infection. Are you symptomatic? Why are these specimens being obtained? Why were you given antibiotics? Need far more information. You could either see a nephrologist (kidney specialist), or an infectious diseases expert and they might help solve this dilemma. Good luck.
6684073	Endometriosis lap done 3 months ago on the pill. Now experiencing severe lower abdominal pain for the last 2 week. Unable to do anything?	See your doctor Severe lower abdominal pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong. You could have scar tissue from the endometriosis or the surgery which can cause a bowel obstruction or you could have a ruptured cyst or infection but regardless of the cause you need to be seen in order to be treated and stop ASAP. Hope you are feeling better fast!
6794870	Hydroquinone, tretinoin and mometasone furoate cream. I want to know about it. I am a Indian boy of age 17 and I want to use it to be fair. Can it works. Is their any side effects?	Tough call... Read the life hx of Micheal Jackson......you will have all answers.
1270856	Pains in left arm, back, chest, stomach, dizziness and shortness of breath. Started  having floaters when this first occurred. Doc can't figure out.	Eye specialist You should get a good eye exam the other symptoms might be unrelated to the eye. It looks like you already had other testing done which is good. I would recommend getting a chest x-ray as well to make sure nothing is wrong with the lungs too.
1552247	Flu or cold? Symptoms were: Sudden chills, very slight temp, body aches, congested nose, headache, exhaustion, diarrea, stomach ache. And what to do?	Systemic viral Your symptoms have the features of a systemic viral illness. We tend to call this "the flu" though it may well be caused by another virus besides the influenza virus. So isolate yourself, wash your hands frequently, take plenty fluids while eating well, and get plenty rest. Hope that helps.
906269	Ill just be going about my day and suddenly a wave comes over me. It seems like a panic attack, dizziness and such. What are some triggers of anxiety?	? Aura While i agree that anxiety certainly can present as you describe; an aura to a seizure is also a consideration. An aura is a transient neurologic symptom (i.e. Dizziness, panic, impending doom...) which usually lasts seconds and may or may not lead to altered awareness. You may want to meet with a neurologist and obtain an eeg which is noninvasive and can be informative. Good luck and well wishes.
701215	I lifted a beer barrel an instantly had a pain from right hand lower spine across right hip ending right side of lower abdomen feels like nettle sting?	Low back strain Or maybe even a ruptured disc might need to see a doctor soon esp if the symptoms do not clear soon.
6693007	What else can cause burning and tingling down the arms? I've had a neg brain, cervical, low, and middle back MRI done. Autoimmune blood tests are still out.	Carpal tunnel or ... possible but carpal t. usually in hands , neuropathy if diabetic uncontroled can lead to it ,be sure labs normal in vit b12, folic acid, calcium, elctrolytes and even thyroid. if do heavy torque motions like screw driver work can develope constriction around the carpal tunnel that allows nerves to go thru thus pressure on them and numbness in hands. be sure to get emg, see neurologist
1111225	Cam sperm mixed with water and soap cause pregnancy? Bf came on my breast and some on hand. Wiped&showered after.Washed my vagina w/feminine wash	Unlikely Sperm are persistent but the scenario you're describing is pretty far-fetched even for the best of swimmers. As with any could i be pregnant question, buy a pregnancy test for best peace of mind.
717779	On Depo-Provera 2 year, past few weeks, tired sickness cramps itchy boobs nipples. Spitting food out as gipping. Period like pains moody am i pregnant?	Not likely Depo-provera is one of the most effective forms of birth control, as long as you get the shot every 3 months as directed. Irregular or absent periods are an expected side effect. Failure rates are 1-3%. Anytime you suspect that you may be pregnant the best thing to do is to take home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. In minutes you will have your answer.
1283156	Achy legs and random twitching in body. Very scared! could this be als?	ALS Als or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a neurodegenerative disorder that affects men more than women in the 40-60 age range. It is characterized by weakness in the arms and legs with twitching of the big muscle groups that look like a bag of worms under the skin. It is a rare disease that affects 1 in 100, 000 people. See your primary medical doctor or a neurologist for evaluation.
1187192	How do you treat extremely itchy skin? Was told mild adult acne by my doctor, just recently started itching badly.  Area is on tops of cheeks &nose.	Seborrheic Dermatitis is a possibility, consult with dermatologist.
6730245	2weeks skin peeling and cracking on penis itches. now the are two semi Hard nodes on scrodum under the surface of skin foreskin swollen bad?	ITCHY PENIS RASH DEAR JESSICA WHOSE PENIS? DO SEE A DERMATOLOGIST.
1443935	I have swollen knees and red rash that does not itch  on both legs  for 2 days now what could it be?	Go to see a Doctor Maybe just taken diuretic you can get well. Whoever you need to see a Doctor for better evaluation diagnosis and treatment.
346502	Menstrual cramps for 7 days no period sexually active and no birth control but 1 negative pregnancy test?	No period Repeat hpt in 1 week if negative see a doc if still have a pain.
1355940	I've either had pulpitis or an abscess for 8 months but couldn't visit dentist. Appointment book next week.  Chances of saving tooth with root canal?	Hopefully Hopefully your tooth/teeth will be salvageable with root canals/crowns. The longer treatment is delayed the more complex the treatment required (more expensive) to save the teeth. Please don't put this off any longer.
1208940	Was fingered a week ago for first time.Was quite dry while he was in me.Vagina since has been red, sore, super itchy.Infection?I don't know:(please help	Yeast infection? Without an exam it is nearly impossible to tell what is going on, but yeast infection is one possibility. See your pcp and they can diagnose and treat this easily. Good luck.
596142	Why does my foot hurt bad after it got the ingrown toenail removed by a doctor befour the nail even grew all the way back a sharp pain?	Permanent procedure If a permanent removal procedure such as matrixectomy or a phenol and alcohol procedure is performed appropriately the recurrence rate is relatively low.
264658	Positive pregnancy test then started bleeding lightly for 7 days ultrasound shows nothing at all hCG level is 12  still having pregnancy symptoms ?	Unsure The HCG is very low and likely should be much higher for a normal pregnancy. You should recheck the hcg, if it is falling you have probably miscarried. Yor doctor may want to perform an ultrasound to evaluate the uterus and it's contents.
44985	I get dizzy spells about once a week and a tingling sensation in right foot/leg that lasts several hours- what could the problem be?	CNS Pathology Possibility of brain stem area disease needs to be ruled out. Some times migraines may cause dizziness and tingling. If all tests are normal and dizzy spells continue, the medication for vertigo could help.
692326	My doc say that excessive ejaculation i did for 2yrs 3 times a day cause rise in testosterone level enlarge the sebaceous gland cause me acne on face ?	Wrong! Ejaculation doesn't cause baldness, or blindness or acne or callouses or anything of the sort. It's a genetic thing you inherited from your parents -- the baldness, that is -- not the ejaculation -- you "come" by that yourself.
1108437	I need some tips on how to stop limping after knee dislocation?	Knee dislocation if it's knee cap dislocation, need knee brace, or neoprene sleeve, crutches or cane, ibuprofen, cold packs for few days, if repeat, may need surgery. ..
1555947	I have anxiety & depression I take Lexapro 10milligrams for both of those and have a son and I lose patience with him?	A little more info Please help me understand your question so I can work out an answer that will be helpful. Are you wondering about the medication, your feeling of impatience with your son, or something else?
1161799	Iget mild chest pains right over my heart and sometimes i get mild jaw pain on both sides.Also my shoulder hurts and lower arm.Normals ekg, ecg, xray?	See your cardiologis I would see your cardiologist. You have the classic signs of heart disease; initial test may appear normal but they may have missed something.
694414	Sometimes go weeks with diarrhea or constipation, or abdominal cramps. Makes it hard to eat. Annoying. Uncomfortable all the time. Had for about 6 yrs?	Possible IBS You may have irritable bowel syndrome. See your doctor or schedule an appointment with a gastroenterologist.
1006651	Headache, sore body, throat pain, ear pain. Symptoms have been going on for 2 days. Mild cough also.	See a doctor Cannot diagnose this without a full history and exam. Sounds like a viral illness but am concerned about the headache, its severity and associated symptoms with an ear ache, suggesting possible extension to the brain and its surrounding tissues. Go and be seen and feel better.
1259677	I've had acid reflux for some time now i'm on 20 mg of omeprazole can I still get the symptoms of GERD is seems to come and go recently?	Maybe its not reflux Lack of response to acid suppression ; antacids raises several possibilities: 1) you have excessive acid production; 2) your reflux is of non-acid material; 3) your esophagus is severely inflamed, infected, or ulcerated; 4) you have heightened esophageal sensitivity; 5) your dose of Omeprazole may be too low; 6) your present symptoms are not reflux-related. Suggest evaluation for diagnosis please.
6680175	Im on Depo Provera, I have been constipated Im having Cramps as if i am on my period but there is little to any blood. Am I pregnant???	Take a test If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. It is normal to not have periods on depoprovera. Miralax and other over the counter remedies can be helpful for constipation
6680173	Itchy throat chest congestion cough what is it?	Upper respiratory infection saline nasal wash, salt water gargle, lots of fluids and rest, acetaminophen for fever / pains, unless allergic to it, if not better in a day or so, or new symptoms or getting worse see your doctor, good luck
6680172	I took 2mg Xanax to help me sleep but it doesn't seem to be working. Could I take .5 Ativan or 1mg Ativan to help?	Benzodiazapines Benzodiazapines are NOT candy. Playing with these medications is not safe. Please talk with your physician.
620484	I need to have inguinal hernia surgery, I am 5-7, 225 lb. Would it be advisable to have some belly fat removed during the surgey?	Hernia I would advocate having one procedure done at a time as these are completely separate issues.
1053747	Abdominal pain, bloating, gas, constipation loss of appetite on birth control. Are these pregnancy symptoms?	GET A TEST Do a pregnancy test, usualy very accurate.
645452	Symptoms: fishy smelling discharge, urine that burns and after urinating you still feel to urinate. Uti or yeast infection?	Bacterial vaginosis Bacterial vaginosis is a bacterial infection in the vagina due to gardnerella . It is characterized by a fishy odor. It is neither a UTI nor a yeast infection. You need to see your doctor for proper diagnosis and treatment. It is very treatable.
319823	Is ativan or Xanax better for extreme anxiety. Panic attacks. Etc?	Depends Ssris such as fluoxetine are first line choices for treatment of anxiety. Xanax could be considered for short term as needed use (ie ffear of flying) however is intermediate duration of effect often necessities multiple doses per day for chronic use. This may be less so for ativan.
58406	I have been diagnosed with suspicion of ulcerative colitis but I have no fever, pain or blood in stool, only a great urge to have a bm 4-8 times a day?	Suspicion Ulcrcoliti I dont know what you mean by suspicion. Did you have colonoscopy and biopsy, that should confirm the suspicion if you have it and start traetment with asachol.If the suspicion is not confirmed then you will need diffrent therapy after proper diagnosis is made.
6713179	I have 3 weeks nausea, dihherea, and now fever with chills headache body ache. Dr found nothing last week. History of Crohns and immunosuppression?	Body ache It is possible being that your on immunosuppressive treatment you can aquire infections faster. It's possible you have a viral gastroenteritis, but if symptoms are not improving with hydration, OTC remedies, it's possible you may have a bacterial process and need antibiotics. See your doctor again for evaluation, and obtain some basic labs, CBC with differential and BMP.
1247233	Side of breast sore, slight lump under it. I am 20. Cancer?	Breast lump The chance of this being cancer is almost none. You should get it looked at though to make sure it's not an infection.
6714386	Is it safe to consume alcohol before and after hepatitis B 1st dose vaccination? How long before and how long after is alcohol consumable?	Probably no data I know of on this to advise
1237075	Been on 825mg of amoxicillin for.3days, for an abcess in upper teeth.  It has not improved, still have fever headaches and chills should I be concerne?	Need more time On the antibiotic and you need to see a dentist for definitive treatment. The antibiotic is just a temporary fix to the problem.
1011205	Sharp pain in my left shoulder blade/back radiating to my left breast, left arm, neck. No breast lumps and breast does not hurt when its being touched?	Pain neck, back The type of radiating pain you describe is often from nerve impingement (pinching) in the neck spinal area or in the thoracic area. See your doctor for diagnosis. Physical therapy helps. Avoid neck and back strain, heavy lifting most sports for now.
941230	5 yr old son has an itchy bumpy rash, for lack of a better word, on his elbow. It doesn't look very red but bumpy almost like a cold sore.  Have pic ?	Eczema possibly The elbow is a common spot for eczema to flare up. If there is a history of eczema, allergies or asthma it increases chance of it being eczema. If there is no concern that it is infected a trial of a low dose over the counter steroid could be tried to see it improves. A follow up with regular provider to go over response to treatment would allow for long term treatment plan.
6753775	Yesterday I fell down 13 steps head first into a bike now I have two black eyes and a bruised nose do I see the doctor as I can't put any pressure on?	Go to A&amp;E now Sounds like you're in the UK, so go to your closest A&E as soon as possible. Given your description, you really need to get a thorough examination to make sure there's no hidden damage, such as bleeding inside your brain. One other thing: given the frequency of child abuse & domestic/partner violence, if you are a victim, please tell the authorities who can help get you out of that situation.
1364829	I have a sore throat when I swallow and when i cough sometimes I spit a yellow mucus. It's been ongoing for a week on and off should I be concerned?	Post nasal drainage The symptom you describe seems to be post nasal drainage consistent with allergic rhinitis. When the sinuses drain at the back of your throat and over time can lead to sore throat. Smoking does not help these symptoms and can make them worse. Also, smokers tend to always have a baseline cough known as smoker's cough. Allergy meds can be helpful. Most importantly, smoking cessation is advised.
6695406	I have old wrinkly rough dry hands and im under 18, why? is there anything i could do to fix them. i also have wrinkly feet,knees, and elbows.	See dermatologist and be checked.
674918	My daughters breast is sore and has a small hard lump she's only 8 . What could this be? Should i worry?	Probably not Sounds like an benign breast bud many children experience before puberty. If you are concerned, then a visit to her doctor will help further define it and let you know what to expect.
6683865	I have non itchy rashes like pimples on my right arm (wrist to elbow) and a little on left arm. I am not on medication or has changed my diet. ?	Recent rash? This may be from a viral infection or a drug reaction. If the problem goes away after 10 days, don't worry about it. If the rash persists, then see a dermatologist. If pus is present , consider impetigo It is unlikely to be an allergic reaction in the absence of itching.
258755	Does my son have colon cancer?

No nausia
barely but little stomsch cramp
no blood in stool
pencil thin stool
constipation
13 years
moderately active	Needs workup Tough to say with little information. I would recommend he sees a physician. With constipation and thin stools for so long, he definitely needs an evaluation.
980454	Post left pneumonectomy pain in left arm, shoulder and hand. Work on a computer 7hrs/day.  What is causing numbness/pain/tingling in my left arm?	Nerve impingement You don't say why at 27 you had "pneumonectomy". Either it is a result of the underlying problem or a nerve could have be impinged upon or damaged by the procedure itself or simply by positioning during anesthesia. It can take a long time for damaged nerves to recover. Meanwhile they be distorting the information regarding pain, sensation, hot/cold and touch going to the brain and info to arm.
6726403	It's been a year since my surgery and my arm is still numb and aches. Is that normal? (Ulnar nerve decompression and medial epicondylar tendon repair)	This can be long ter this can be a long healing process. A nerve heals slowly maybe a millimeter a day. Sometimes this type of injury even with surgery can leave you with long-term numbness.
674910	Lower back pain that radiates to legs. Mri and xrays normal. Also have pins and needles, burning, shooting pains in arms and legs. Terrible fatigue.	More Testing I would consider a further investigation which may warrant obtaining an EMG or a neurologist consultation. Also, consider pain management to obtain a detailed history, physical exam and review or obtain any necessary imaging before obtaining a proper diagnosis and treatment plan.
530875	23 y/o w/ chronic swelling of the knee & stiffness after marathon training. Clean MRI and blood work except 1:320 ANA titer. No suspected ra. Ideas?	Joint fluid analysis Although it's possible that this is related to your marathon training you need to have a joint fluid analysis to see if it's inflammatory or not inflammatory, if it's infection or not infection and to see if there are crystals or no crystals. You need a evaluation to make certain what is going on inside the joint. An MRI is not sufficient.
151727	The inside of my nose feels swollen, is there any over-the-counter medicine I can take to help me breathe better?	Nasal swelling Sometimes a nasal saline spray can be helpful if used for awhile. Be careful with using afrin more than 2 days as it can be habit forming to your nose and then you will never get rid of the stuffiness. There are also some helpful rx nasal sprays that would be helpful.
103189	Have an itchy red rash in between groin and leg area.  Otc meds available?	Lotrimin,lamisil This could be fungus infection which will respond to antifungal creams such as lotrimin, micatin or lamisil. If persistent see md for prescription oral meds if necessary.
360196	Why is my ankle still swollen 5 weeks after knee surgery? There's no pain in the leg or ankle, and i'm up and walking just fine.	Please be careful Some time this could indicate possibility of blood clots please check it out.
756402	Inside of my knee hurts when i bend it and try to put my leg out straight it's painful..Had a knee on knee collision about a week ago playing sports?	Consult You need to see an orthopedic surgeon or a sports doctor . You may have a loose body , or post trauma blood inside the joint or just secondary inflammation.
1262805	Is it possible to get pregnant if my boyfriend touched my vulva, vagina lips.. With pre cum? Nothing internal happened, it was no penetration and no semen.	No If there truly was no penetration and no deposition of semen in your vagina, you can't get pregnant. However, dont be misled regarding "pre cum". It can contain live sperm.
928677	I took bactrim for one week for UTI can it cause blurry vision?	No Bactrim does not cause blurred vision. If this persists, see an ophthalmologist for evaluation.
1468565	My wife is pregnant & her albumin trace in urine test.what is the mean for albumin trace ?	Albumin in urine The appearance of albumin in urine is not normal. It may reflect a UTI. Or it may herald pre eclampsia. BP must be monitored very closely and her OB will ask for repeated urine samples.
6721718	Can a femoral hernia cause acid reflux, nausea, diarrhea and constipation?	Unlikely A hiatal hernia may cause this but not typically a femoral hernia unless it is strangulated with obstruction.
896695	I am 36 weeks pregnant. My hepatitis profile results indicate hepatitis e virus igm: non reactive (1.428). Do I have hep a, what's the risk?	Hepatitis What symptoms do you have? Why are you being checked for hepatitis viruses altogether? Whether you have hep. A or not, i cannot tell based on the info provided. You only mentioned negative. Hep. E test.
130535	What is a home remedy for stomach cramps in a child without diarrhea nor vomiting?	Depends on cause. There are many things that can give a child cramps, ranging from constipation, lactose intolerance, and gas to recurrent abdominal pain of childhood. Please have your child seen by his/her doctor to determine the cause; once you have a diagnosis, then appropriate treatment can be determined.
1570174	I have been having diarrhea and stomach pain with gas and nausea. My dad had colon cancer and I believe he had FAP when he was younger. Is it FAP?	Hard to say it is hard to say the symptoms you described does not neccessarly indicative of FAP my rtecommendation get tested for FAP and get base line colonoscopy now for the symptoms that you have and based on the result your doctor will tell you when and how ofte you need to get tested
750764	I have sharp left abdominal pain that travels to my pelvis and occasionally the right side, numb limbs, nausea and fatigue. I feel uneasy and so tired?	See your doctor For an evaluation. It is possible you are brewing an intra abdominal infection like a uti.
992488	On 9/21 i fell & landed on knee. Pain 7/10 slightly swollen & bruised. Most painful when bending & going up n down stairs. Should i see a dr?	Not a bad idea If the pain is not getting better and the swelling is not going down with regular icing (15 mins every few hours), you should have an xray. Most likely, your symptoms will improve as the swelling goes down.
992489	What could cause increasing muscle weakness in neck and constant aching weakness in upper spine area, hurts to hold up head, feels like neck and vessels are swelling, with pressure at base of head?	Possible Nerve impingement in the cervical/ neck area, needs imaging study such as MRI of cervical area, possibly even brain. Have an evaluation as soon as possible to get relief.
93672	What does the scar from skin cancer vs mole removal look like?	No difference. The appearance of a scar is less dependent on the lesion that was removed, than the location on the body or face of the lesion, and the skill of the plastic surgeon who removed it. Hopefully, under favorable circumstances, such a scar can heal almost invisibly.
258578	Im trying to go to sleep but it feels like if my left arm is trying to go numb when I begin to fall asleep. I've noticed an increase in blood pressure since like about nine oclock the reading is 140/85. No chest pain though. Could this be a drug interacti	Probably nothing But it is always better to check out. We do not know what medication you are on, to determine if it is the cause.
1439103	Skin has started peeling from right hand. Recently got over week long virus. Also took antibiotics for a UTI. Could those have affected it? Also how d	Check out these questions to see is these descibe your situation. Do you have fever, mucous membrane ulcers or blisters? Was there blistering on your hand before it began to peel? There is a rare skin disorder called Stevens-Johnson syndrome that can be caused by viral infections but most often is antibiotic related. As this is potentially life threatening, call your doc and if you can't be seen today, considerER
1131949	I came on my girlfriends breasts.Drop of sperm(looked more like a transparent fluid)slipped down her groin, very near her vagina.Will she get pregnant?	Very unlikely The risk of pregnancy in this situation is virtually zero.
370617	What is diabetic heart disease? Are dizziness, shortness of breath, cold tips of finders and chest pain strong indicatros of diabetic heart disease?	No such thing There isn't actually such an entity per se but people with diabetes tend to develop accelerated atherosclerosis which tends to affect the smaller (distal) vessels to a greater extent than non-diabetics. That could result in angina (chest pain)but often doesn't because diabetics lose the ability to perceive pain. Dizziness and cold fingers are non-specific issues caused by many things.
1229889	Why do I have a red, itchy rash with no bumps along my jawline and neck? I have sensitive skin. Just started taking gildess fe 5 days ago.	Dry skin,shaving? With sensitive skin consider shaving as primary trigger. Soap water and skin trauma from shaving likely suspects. Moisturize regularly with unscented products, use non-soap cleansers and shaving products should help.
493380	Right elbow ache going down to wrist with tingling numbness in hand and fingers. This occurs while resting not by movement. What could this be?	Nerve entrapment Knowing the exact fingers involved would help the doctor provide a better answer. Medical or carpal nerve can commonly cause elbow and forearm pain with associated tingling sensation and numbness traveling to the hands and fingers. Other conditions can do this as well and evaluation by a doctor is recommended. Effective therapy is available in majority of the cases.
727981	I have dark spots, red patches , itchy painful skin rash. The hospital said it was a allergic reaction but couldn't figure out what caused it.	Allergic rash See your dermatologist for evaluation and treatment of your rash. There are treatments that will work even if you don't know the cause of the rash. It will be important to be sure it is not a reaction to a medication. Allergic reactions can come from inside the body or from external contact agents. If your dermatologist suspects an external contact agent they can perform patch tests to look for.
6750672	My partner told me she had chlamydia. I had symptoms but test was negative. Could this be NGU or gonorrhea or UTI?	Yes Unprotected sexual exposure puts you at risk for all STDs, for which you should be tested, not just chlamydia. Perhaps they did when they tested you  find out. If you have had further unprotected sex after testing you need retesting. A diagnosis of NGU requires exclusion of gonorrhea. Practice safe sex! Good luck
6623537	Neg. pregancy test 6 days before period. light cramping and light white discharge. no sore breasts or any preg. symptom. does this mean im not prego?	Cant really say Given ovulation occurs 2 weeks prior to cycle And you haven't had you period there is no way to say you aren't pregnant. Wait to see if you miss your cycle a few days and repeat pregnancy test.
1133247	Bladder pain and lots of pressure . Uti and urine culture negative, what's wrong?	Cystitis It sounds like cystitis, inflammation of the bladder. There are lots of causes for this, not just bacteria. You should see a urologist. He/she can help you discern what is wrong and hopefully, help you find relief of the symptoms.
858683	I have high uric acid &now my knees hurt when i bend/put pressure on them. Then small red dots like petehiae appeared on my feet, are they related?	Can cause knee pain High uric acid causes gout and can affect knee joints and other joints in our body. But the pain of goubt is not only on bending and putting pressure on it, but you will have pain even on rest ang even at nightwhen you are resting and since the symptoms are caused by deposition of small crystals made of uric acid ther is some swelling as well.Get it checked.Ptechiae are not related to high uric acid.
606723	Can getting noncancerous moles removed prevent melanoma?	No Nope.
55211	I have all the symptoms for lupus or ra, but tests came back negative. Can I still have either?	Yes Yes, but the likelihood of that depends on what tests were ordered. Both sle and RA are clinical diagnoses being made based on multiple factors including history, examination and lab work. Around 15% of patients will have rheumatoid arthritis without a positive rheumatoid factor or anti-ccp antibody. It is much less likely for someone to have sle if their ANA and other serologies are negative.
1542120	If my possible ovulation was between may 8-13 is it possible to get pregnant by having sexual intercourse on April 30th?	No Sperm can only survive from a single sexual encounter inside a woman's body for 24-72 hours. This over a 10 day time span, so that would be way to long
131484	Many friends in 70s married med students. Now cannot find them under married names. What were divorce rates for now-retiree mds and lib women?	High We move around a lot.
245173	Swollen abdomen and feeling like have to urinate; but taking flagyl.  Is this a sign of a UTI or PID or something else.  I feel like I can't urinate much however, no burning sensations whatsoever.?	More history needed These are symptoms which need to be addresses soon by your physician. Diagnosis can range from as simple as constipation to as severe as ovarian ca.
1510683	Sharp pain in the centre of left knee when I put pressure on it or bend down. Can walk normally and everything else. What could it be?	Central Knee Pain Pain just behind kneecap? Are you athletic or have you started new sports? Past injury/surgery to left knee? Pain-free when walking/running? Worse pain with climbing or descending stairs? Could be caused by many things including chondromalacia patella (a general term for damage to the cartilage under your kneecap).
497113	I have had cramps ever since my period ended i also have a yellowish discharge that has a slight odor and some spotting other than pregnancy not likely what could be the cause ?	Imfection Infection in the vagina or cervix is the most likely cause.
318372	What could cause small bumps and itches on the inside of my vagina?	See your doctor Symptoms and concerns like these mandate a thorough evaluation by your doctor. Only after such an evaluation, which may include labs and radiographic examinations, can he/she let you know what's going on and how best to help you.
6644817	Last night the right soft palate started to hurt when I swallowed. Just that part is red, and I just got over a sore throat, (Viral). Is it serious?	No, not serious The most likely explanation is part of a persisting viral sore throat. You can gargle with warm salt water .... it should be better in a couple of days. Good wishes:)
1245245	Recently I am diagnosed with hydrospinx in right fallopian tube.I had laproscopy 3years back to remove fibroid.Can it be the reason of blocked tube?	Possibly Look at operative note and see location. If near tube site that makes it more likely. There are also other causes: infections, tumors, new fibroids etc. Discuss with your gyn.
1348976	I have a horrible headache n neck pain n cant hardly swallow even water. Chills fever. What is best to relieve my throat hurts to swallow saliva too.	Neck pain I would go to your medical doctor or the emergency room to evaluate the symptoms. Difficulty swallowing with fever and chills are worrisome and need urgent treatment.
239064	I have endometriosis between my bowel and uterus sticking them together. I am now on the pill but I have constant burning in my vagina and urethra and some low pelvic pain. I do not have endo on my bladder or a uti. What could this be?	Referred pain Your endometriosis is in an area that may stimulate nerve endings causing pain and burning in a distant area from the location of your implants. Robotic excision of endometriosis may significantly decrease these symptoms.
1069707	When i get cold, the my hands and the bottoms of my feet turn red, swell, and are really itchy and feel like i'm walking on balls, what's wrong?	Consult needed These symptoms are systemic. Meaning not a localized problem such as something limited to your hands/feet. It is something your body feels obligated to do. Consult with an internist and go from there.
1219141	12 days after my hubby and i had sex, was spotting for 2 days and very nauseous with period like cramps, my breasts are also sore, could i be pregnant?	Yes. The timing of your symptoms fit approximately with implantation. Yes, you may be pregnant. Should do a pregnancy test, especially if you have missed your next period. Good luck!
845969	Most trusted means to reduce swelling from a bee sting?	Quick fix When our bodies sustain an injury, the immediate response is inflammation (red, hot, tender swelling). This is the body increasing the blood flow to the injury to bring healing factors to the area and also the veins expand to carry bad stuff away. The key is to do things that reduce the parts of inflammation such as ice, compression, elevation and antiinflammatory medications in the first 24hrs.
360747	Had unprotected sex, periods 2 weeks late, pink discharge for 3 days, fatigue, heartburn, headaches, pelvic pain when i cough or breath out hard. Pregnancy?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Purchase and perform a home pregnancy test. These usuallly turn positive when you're about a week late. If it's negative, repeat in a week and call your doctor.
504327	Good natura remedy for acid I have gastriis it but drinking lots of cranberry cuz of kidney stones. So i can drink mylanta and no Tums cuz of high bp?	Gastritis A good natural cure for gastritis is a good probiotic. You'd be surprised how this will probably also help with your bp.
795842	I am 12 weeks off of a total hip replacement and off crutches a week now. I woke up this morning and both my ankles and legs, below my knee, were very swollen and redwith white bite like spots. Any guesses what it could be?	See doctor or go ER This could be blood clots. You need to see your orthopedic asap or go to er.
456359	I have hard little white bumps or pimples on my vagina and they itch , have tried every thing  , I am not sexually active I am not sexually active?	Rash? Rash questions are exceedingly difficult to manage on this forum. We are not doing you any favors by trying to guess these things without being able to see them. See your doctor. He/she is in a much better position to treat you appropriately.
1365332	I have a huge spot of swollen lymph nodes on my left arm just below the elbow on the thin side of hand. This has hurt and been achy since yesterday.	Should be seen by MD Achy, painful swelling in forearm most likely from bite, bruise, or infection. Suspect insect bite or sting, cat scratch, or injury. Other rare possibilities. Worry if red, shiny top, soft center, fever, chill, or streak. Would have a health care professional examine it in next 24 hours. OK to take acetaminophen. Probably not serious, but best to be careful.
523148	I have a tiny red bump at the corner of my mouth. I have not been kissed (or sexually active) in a over a year. Is it oral herpes or could it be acne?	GOK That stands for god only knows. If you want to know what it is, you will need to see a dentist or a physician to accurately diagnose it. There are many possibilities and without actually being able to personally see it, we can't give you a good answer, especially the right one.
348222	I have a kidney stone and went for a catscan an i read the paper with what it read an it reads the the gallbladder is partially contracted?	Normal? Our gallbladder contracts after each meals.
6712442	I take 100 mg of Zoloft in the morning and 5g of trazadone at night to sleep can I take garcinia to help lose weight?	Garcinia Is not FDA approved hence side effects and interactions are not well-known. My patients do report that it is ineffective for weightloss
1258079	I have pain in both knees, . No swelling, no redness, have suffered no injuries. Painful to stand from seated position. Squatting is impossible.	Painful knees You will need to see a physician and possibly have x-rays done of your knees or other investigations to reach a diagnosis, but it sounds as though you could be developing some arthritis. Are you overweight and/or did you play football, especially at an offensive or defensive line position? Either of these could cause significant stress on your knee joints.
950477	I am 38 and trying to conceive. Last month i missed my period and next month i bleed and my doctor told me may be it was miscarriage. Kindly tell me.	Pregnancy test When you are trying to become pregnant, your cycle pattern is very important. If your cycles are irregular, this may be normal. The only way to tell if you are pregnant or if you miscarried for sure is to get pregnancy test. As you are trying to get pregnant, obtain a pregnancy test whenever you miss a cycle. Good luck!
392552	What causes me to get sick from burn off of charcoal burning grills i can't eat the food without getting sick, headaches, stomach aches, weak eyes puff, dizzy, weak. This can last several days(4 to 6). No matter what food it is. Gas grills or wood burning	You You may be reacting to any one of a number of things. Charcoal grills produce poisonous carbon monoxide gas, so you need to use it in a well ventilated area. When meats are cooked on a grill; the fat that drips below onto the charcoal & can form polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (pahs). The pah rises with the smoke and becomes absorbed in the meat as well as being inhaled. Heterocyclic amines (hcas) can form in meat due to the heat released during grilling. Charcoal contains coal dust and limestone which can also become airborne and can be inhaled. Patients who are treated with activated charcoal can have an allergic reaction with hives; difficulty breathing; swelling of your face, lips, tongue, or throat. I suggest you keep your distance from grills and grilled meats. Stay well.
791079	Hi chest pain radiating around to back under armpits had EKG exercise stress anglo mri. Everything came back normal?	Chest pain It appears your pain is likely musculoskeletal given the data. An examination should suggest it's source.
557428	I am due for laparoscopic surgery for the cyst in my left ovary. How soon can I get pregnant and can the cyst recur? Is IVF the only option ?	Depends on What happens in the surgery as to when sex. Check with ur gyn. Have the gyn take a look t ur tubes. Shouldn't need ivf.
959146	I have a knott under my skin inner thigh right testical hurts could this be a hernia or a pulled groin?	Possible Could be muscle strain, but doesn't sound like hernia. What i would really like you to do is see your pcp and get the area checked for testicular infection or testicular cancer, the knot could be a lymph node.
1018122	What does it mean if you have trace of albumin in your urine?	Trace = small amount Protein/albumin is not normally found in urine. The term trace in urinalysis means small amount. A protein trace in urine = 10 mg/100 ml giving a slightly hazy appearance to the urine. Albumin is the most common protein found in the bloodstream; it is finding its way into the urine by some means. Other clinical info is needed with evaluation by your doctor to narrow down the cause. Good luck!
1283743	Random chest pain. Pain under left rib cage, sore to touch. Random left shoulder blade pain. Neck pain. Ekg and blood normal. "too young 4 heart prob"?	Young chest pain Heart troubles do not have pain to touch. Heart troubles have other specific symptoms. Heart pain does not travel or randomly just come and go. Perhaps you can now listen to me and the others here who are reassured you to stop worrying about your heart. This is not heart trouble. Period. I can say that with 100% sureness. Now can we finally talk about the real stuff?
386546	Is it possible I am pregnant and the dr overlooked it? Or the test results were offset? My period is a week late. I had unprotected sex twice last month while is was ovulating. A day after i started feeling sick: nausea, backache, headache, stmach ache, d	A A quantitative blood pregnancy test is definitive. If the test was negative, then you are not pregnant. This was also confirmed by the second test you had done in the er. Although your symptoms can be consistent with pregnancy, they are also seen in pre-menstrual syndrome and the abdominal pain can be secondary to cervicitis/vaginosis. Continue to take the antibiotics as prescribed and follow up with your doctor if your symptoms don't resolve. Best of luck.
1349883	Any ideas if I can have lupus and RA without showing in blood test?	Yes However, the chances are fairly low but not zero. See a rheumatologist if you are concerned.
749038	I have a cold and have so much flem in my throat that it feels like someone us choking me. How do I get rid of that?	Depends If you have post nasal drip and that is causing you to bring up phlegm then you need to try otc remedies( mucomyst etc, nose spray and allergy meds to name a few) to help with sinus congestion and if they dont work need to see your physician and may need prescription medicines. If you have acute bronchitis and dont think post nasal drip is a problem then definitely see ur physician.
1422055	Can Anovulation Cause;Nausea,missed period,fatigue,Dizziness?3 Neg. Hpt/1 Neg. Hospital/Urine(Last:5D/a) or do I have 2 month undetected pregnancy?	Depends If your pregnancy test was negative at 4-5 past the due for your period, you are unlikely to be pregnant. Hormonal imbalance with anovulatory cycles can cause the symptoms you mentioned.
398818	Std treatment question... Chlamydia/gonhorreha     or UTI 26 female.
43 year old male.
He went in for UTI couldn't diagnose so treated him for UTI chlamydia and gonhorrea... I had azythromycin and keflex for other illness during same treatment of his issu	The The medication you took does not usually cover gonorrhea, however the Azithromycin would treat the chlamydia. To be safe, you should go to your doctor and ask for an std check in order to rule out gonorrhea and chlamydia. Best of luck.
759180	Is it normal to have slightly visible veins in a swelled scrotum(hydrocele) ?	Varicocele Varicoceles are not normal but they are common. See a urologist for evaluation.
1132417	I take the pill everyday around the same times. Have nausea bloating sore breasts headaches always tired emotional hungry often. Could i be pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
6723551	I am female 62- a week ago my feet, ankles and legs swelled extremely, my blood pressure reading at 11 pm was 150/126 and heart rate of 150-shows IHB ?	Get t/t at once u have malignant ht, u may need 3 to 4 med see md u may get chf or cva
1051804	Stomach cramps and diarrhea about 1-1.5 hrs after eating. Cramps so bad i feel like vomiting. Happening spiraticly over 4 weeks now. Ulcer/gallbladdr?	See a GI doctor You need a thorough detailed evaluation. Good luck.
6643635	I had diarrhea this morning now im constipated feeling cramps on my lower right abdomen been drinking plenty of water, no vomiting possibly bad pizza?	Abdominal pain sounds like gastroenteritis from possibly eating bad food. See a doctor if symptom control like antidiarrheals and increasing fluid intake don't work
6785169	Being sick every time i eat , sore breasts , weeing more often , tired , emotional , headache , , piles ..am i pregnant? not normal period due tommrow	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
720176	Could UTI cause pain 2 inches to right of navel? Pain is dull unless raise arms! sore when press area. If press right rib makes spot near navel hurt	Abdominal pain The pain could be due to a UTI or kidney stone. .You may also want to think about gall bladder disease.
1055133	Please tell me, could a long term infected tooth cause dizziness?	Possible It is possible as infections can spread from the oral cavity. They are nothing to fool with so please see your dentist and have the tooth issue addressed.
1477036	Woke up with post nasal drip and sinus pressure/headache, phlegm is clear, no fever or other symptoms any ideas, had tonsillitis but it's gone now..	URI Sounds like an upper respiratory infection which are usually caused by a virus. Rest , fluids and over the counter cold medications may help . Symptoms should improve over the next week.
1321468	I have a little lump on my left leg, on the right side between the shin and the calf (soleus muscle?)dull and burning mild pain in it, what can it be?	Limb on leg Sounds like it might be phlebitis, that's doctor talk for a small clot in a superficial vein. They are a nuscience more than a serious problem but probably should show it to your doctor for confirmation
1329671	Can a STD such as gonorrhea or chlamydia cause a dry orgasm or blockage?	No Is your anejaculation lifelong or recent event? If recently, it is usually caused by drugs, e. g., alpha-blockers, diseases,e.g., diabetes, surgery, e.g., TURP/PVP. Clinically, STD would very unlikely cause complete obstruction in ejaculatory ducts of both sides. So, I gave "no" to your question. Of course, see experts for detailing timely.
1308763	Swollen lymph nodes on left neck, could it be from eczema + acne? Should the swelling go down after 5 days of antibiotics? If not, is biopsy needed?	Painful or painless? Is the lymph node painful or not? There are several reason of lymph node swelling. Infections can be one of the cause, and antibiotics would reduce the size in general if treated appropriately. Acne doesn't usually cause swollen lymph node unless secondary infection exists. Any tooth infection, sinus problem? If no changes in the lymph node size after treatment, you may need biopsy. Good luck!
1120395	Is it true that herpes simplex virus 1 turns into herpes simplex virus 2 when contacted on genitals?	No Herpes 1 and herpes 2 are two different types of the same virus. Usually hsv1 causes cold sores and hsv2 causes genital herpes. However, one can see either type in both sites. It isn't a matter of the virus "turning into" the other.
1291932	I have a rash. One doc said bed bugs. The next said eczema. They are sporadic welts ann patches of red rashes. Any insight? Very itchy. On tummy &back	Eczema Both of the diagnoses are plausible. Bed bug bites also happen often on the arms and legs. Also, you may find them if you search and you might notice a pungent odor. If these are not the case, it is more likely eczema. Try the treatment they have prescribed for a few weeks and see if the symptoms are eliminated.
741792	Might it be possible that a a person with knee osteo arthritis do squats and lunges?	Yes Keep you knee flexion less than 90 degrees. If you cannot see your toes when you squat, you have gone too low.
1230081	"stomach bug"vomiting/diarrhea also very hypoglycemic (non-diabetic) can't keep (eat/drink) anything down all day.Sugar dropping to 60's. How to treat?	You may need An antiemetic suppository like Phenergan to reduce the vomiting enough to allow intake of some fluids. Gatorade-type drinks diluted by half would be recommended to begin with.
711035	My low lumbar cracks (or pops) and it also there is a pinching pain that goes through my eight butt cheek from it. Pinched nerve? Sciatic maybe?	Scitica The popping and cracking may not be related unless there is pain in the lower back. A pinched nerve in the lower back can cause discomfort and pain in the gluteal region (buttocks). Irritation of the actual sciatic nerve such as from piriformis syndrome may do this as well. Referred pain unrelated to the sciatic is also possible. Consult your doctor for proper diagnosis and treatment.
1471408	Is having white discharge a sign of being  pregnant? Having crams,tired, dizzy, few throwing up I am 5 days over due (missed period ) test are neg.	Maybe repeat the test in 1 week or see caregiver and get checked out
489694	Can sleep apnea be related to an autonomic dysfunction?	Yes There are several types of sleep apnea and central sleep apnea is related to the central nervous system.
1272208	Bug bite that was very itchy. Scabbed over when i itched it, now I have several more pimple like itchy bumps. Clear liquid when popped. Profile picture	Allergy It's possible that the serum in the original bite contained material that caused additional allergic reactions in the surrounding skin. Have you applied cortisone type cream to the rash? Taking an antihistamine like benadryl(may cause drowsiness) will also help the reaction and the itch. If redness and burning appear you may be developing cellulitis which requires antibiotic medication and cream.
489698	I had lumpectomy for breast cancer then had to have chemo now drs want me to have radiotherapy   i don't want to have anymore treatment  should i?	Need radiation tx As a patient you have the right to refuse any therapy as long as you are aware of the consequencies of your decision. Now, radiation therapy will be needed if you only had a lumpectomy- to reduce your recurrence risk to the same breast. That is for your own benefit. You are young which means your risk for cancer recurrence will be quite significant- so you want to reduce it as much as possible.
6626662	How long does tonsillitis take to heal. I'm going on day 6 and my throat is still very red and raw and partially swelled (no white).  Was told viral

?	Viral tonsillitis? A viral infection could take several days (and up to a couple of weeks) to resolve. However - if you were told it was viral, and you are taking good care of yourself and the symptoms are still not getting better - you should return to an ENT physician to make sure that the infection was indeed viral.
75491	I'm experiencing chronic (every 3 weeks or so) vertigo/nausea due to problems in my left ear that has had tinnitus and hearing loss for 20 years.?	Visit your ENT My recommendation is making an appointment with your ENT specialist to see if there is any new treatments for your ailment. Wishing you the best.
1288979	I have been treated for chlamydia after showing positive in blood test. I've taken the two tablets of antibiotics should it be clear now?	Chlamydia What was the antibiotic. Chlamydia can be treated with a single dose of azithromycin, or 7 day (sometimes 10 day)_treatment with Doxycycline or erythromycin. You need to insure that you aren't sexually active for at least 7 days and that you don't become re-infected.
313607	My 5 y/o has newly developed an asymptomatic black spot in anterior frenulum of his tougue. He had a skin lesion excision which turns out to be dysplastic nevi.  Should i get him checked for it?	Mucous membrane Yes. You should have him checked out by a physician to determine what this may be. The history of the dysplastic nevi should lower your resistance to having this examined.
1399742	my knee gives out a lot when i'm walking. I can also hear snapping or popping when i have sat long. my hip bones also pop and give out when i walk?	Normal maybe. Popping sounds are normal when you move. Feeling like your knees or hips are going to "give out" is not. Have your doctor/orthopedist/physical therapist check you out to make sure all is well. Best wishes.
841056	Are swollen lymph nodes in the neck a symptom of food allergy? I have swollen lymph nodes in my neck several hours after eating chocolate.	No It is unlikely to be a symptom of food allergy by itself. But you need to have your swollen glands evaluated by your doctor to determine what is causing them to swell.
81646	Have a 1 yr old with a fever that can't break and she has diarrhea no vomiting her stomach jolted a few times and she cried in pain. Is this  a flu?	Go to the doctor The fever with the diarrhea is concerning and should be evaluated by the doctor.
349573	I have a sore throat and lump on one side near to my throat in the middle of my neck and I am finding it hard to swallow... Any ideas?	Several possible Go see a doctor and have this examined. You may have an abscess behind your tonsils, you may have other severe infections in the upper respiratory tract, but cannot diagnose this over the internet.
1595920	I have been experience swollen water logged feeling breasts for 11days now. I have also been experiencing fatigue bloating constipation and gas.  Not?	Exam t is time for a full medical and GYN exam to determine the casue of your symptoms. I would suggest a pregnancy test if you have been sewxually active and also thyroid function studies and a breast exam
790655	Does a core needle breast biopsy make a tumor smaller or would it stay pretty much the same size but have holes in it from where they took tissue out?	About the same size Needle biopsy does not materially reduce the size of the tumor. In uncommon instances, in the case of small in-situ lesions, it is possible that the whole lesion may be removed by the needle biopsy.
6609974	Son had flu,now I am sneezing,coughing,white yellow mucous _From lungs,coldness in chest,cold sweats on and off,chest tightness,no fever?	No worries It is less likely you will have flu. . Usually flu has more fever and body aches than respiratory symptoms but if your symptoms doesn't improve much in 2 days then you may need antibiotics. For now, you can take ibuprofen and Benadryl for symptomatic relief.
1387783	I blister on vagina. itching and burning. no abnormal smell, no abnormal discharge. I am worried. could it be HPV?	Possible herpes A blister like that is more concerning for herpes than HPV. I would have your doc check it out in office at first available appointment to see what it truly is and appropriate treatment for it. Primary genital herpes may require antiviral medication and warrants a trip to the doctor. Avoid unprotected sex until it is properly diagnosed (condom mandatory or abstain)
1595928	Tiny red bumps on my hand. Not really itchy, but then the next day, where the bumps were, small black lines appeared, what could it be?	That's a new one black lines? the only thing i can think of is that you are scratching and those lines are actually blood under the skin where you scratched. Really need to see dermatologist
1313374	I have 2 red bumps on my neck and they aren't pimples, what could they be?	Red bumps The red bumps could be swollen lymph nodes
1510875	Left side of my head hurts badly every now and then,with dizziness feeling and sometimes, i wake up with hand numbness and  my legs hurt when driving?	See your PCP for consultation, tests and possible referral to a neurologist.
336142	Is the generic brand of tylenol cough and sore throat safe during pregnancy?	Probably Should be fine, always best to check with your ob-gyn before taking anything- since we can't ever be totally positive about safety of anything taken or ingested during pregnancy- but if you need it- please use moderately.
1262581	Dizzy, tired, moody, sleepy, clear discharge(a lot) period late by 9 days. Today I am bleeding with pain in ovaries. Can i still be pregnant?	See OBN-Gyne. Have you had sex in the last month and was this the first time your period was delayed? If not, you might have and infection causing the pelvic pain and discharge and could also make you tired and moody. Please see your ob-gyne and get examined. Take care.
569092	I have small black hairs on my scrotum and upper lip but my voice is still  high does that mean im going through puberty or are the hair s"peach fuzz"?	Need to be seen At 18 you should have more hair and i would recommend that you be evaluated by your pmd.
6754065	Ive been having burning in rectum and vagina with greenish stretchy discharge. Been tested for b.v, chlamydia,gonorrhea, trich, uti all negative ?	Rectovaginal fistula you should see a Gynecologist as this could be fistula.
1213162	Symptoms: lower abdominal near belly button and right moving towards left, feverish, nausea, vomiting, constipation, can't walk or sleep. What is this?	SOunds like it Could be appendicitis, kidney stone or ovarian issue. Need to go to the er to at least rule out an appendicitis which is the most serious of all. Others can be evaluated at the same time. You don't want to delay on acute appendicitis.
1046512	I'm a mother of 4 children i had my last baby 3 months ago till now i feel so tired and weak in the knees and my legs ache towards the afternoon?	4 children Congratulations on all of your babies. The days are long and the work is hard. But there's no greater accomplishment in life than raising our kids. On the surface, it looks like you're just plain exhausted. So try to carve out just a little time for yourself everyday. And let your doctor know how you feel so the appropriate medical evaluation can be performed. We need our moms to be healthy.
6667092	Recently put on Zoloft for stress been having chest pain and shortness of breath now the shortness of breath is up in my throat and I'm tired weak?	Consider ER That sounds like a tough situation, you may need an EKG and blood work to rule out heart attack and maybe even a CT angio to rule out pulmonary thromboembolism although I am hoping that it is something more benign, you may need to see a psychiatrist if symptoms persist despite being evaluated by a doctor that can rule out a cardiovascular process! Stay safe!
6693380	Burning sensation right armpit, numbness and pin pricks in right leg and arm. right leg also experiences burning toward foot what could this be.	Numbness etc. This strongly suggests some nerve damage from your neck down. Tell this to your primary doctor and ask for a rapid referral to a Neurologist!
732070	I have low sodium and high ferritin levels.Symptoms: dizziness, blacked out once, headaches, tiredness, vomiting after swimming. What's the reason(s)?	Unclear Really need more info. You should see your doctor and have a full evaluation.
335038	If you have lupus and sarcoidosis and you get treatment. How long could you live for?	Can't tell The longevity in these two diseases actually depends on how active they are. Lots of people do well for long since the disease underwent a spontaneous remission or a remission after therapy.
6693839	I m 26, with irregular cycle. i want to know if uterus cancer is possible without any sexual contact, if yes what are the symptoms and average age gro?	Cancer unlikely From what you described uterine cancer is unlikely. There are different types of uterine cancers and none of those may have symptoms in early stages. Sexual contact is relevant to cancer of the cervix but not the cancers in the body of the uterus. To reiterate, it is unlikely that you have uterine cancer. see this site for info. http://www.cdc.gov/cancer/uterine/basic_info/symptoms.htm
6723439	I really have callus in my feet. what sholud i do to minimize or to remove  it?Is there any natural treatment for it.	Natural callus care Callus can be removed by using a natural exfoliant such as a sugar scrub after soaking your feet in warm water.Using a loofah, you can scrub your feet with the sugar scrub in the warm water and help rid your feet of callus. I hope this helps.
58875	I get sometimes large and sometimes small bumps on/around my vagina. I'm not sexually active and they do go away but come back. What is this?	Gyn exam if bumps A good approach for a woman with occasional 'lesions' is to schedule an appointment with gyn or primary care doctor. Often, however, the bumps go away just as a woman is scheduled to see her gyn provider. That can be frustrating for both. However, a good description of the lesions (from looking with a mirror in the light) can be valuable if they are not there when the appointment day arrives.
321238	Info on a narrowed parotid gland duct? My friends two year old has this, none of the drs around here have seen it, and don't know what to do about it.	Children's hospital I would suggest taking the child to the nearest children's hospital for evaluation. A narrowed parotid gland duct opening can be relieved by increasing water intact, massaging the cheeks or a procedure where a tiny tube or balloon is inserted to widen the duct. You nearest children's hospital should have no trouble treating this condition.
58876	Diarrhea, I get all the time. I rarely eat healthy and don't drink enough water.?	Need an md Chronic diarrhea could be due to a lot of different problems. Please see an md.
1078839	Is there  possibility of bone metastasis occurring if primary carsinoma cancer, stage 1b, grade 2 of the breast full mastec recon sentinel nodes clear?	Yes Any invasive cancer has the potential to spread to the bones or any other organ. A stage i cancer is not likely to spread but it can happen. Talk to your cancer doctor about any abnormal symptom you may have. Is important to be aware but not to live in fear. Best to you.
6688360	Idk had gum swelling the dr said not abcessed n lymph nodes swollen but today jaw kinda hurts could gum infec go to jaw or ear real worried?	Complex Complex set of symptoms. Yes gum infection could go to other areas. Best advice is to see oral surgeon for diangosis/treatment.
622142	Hi 
been diagnosed pcos 6 months ago, had regular peroids, missed period this month, dizziness nausea, negative pregancy test.Want to know wats going on?	Generally no Metformin is used to induce normal menses if you have pcos. Usually you need at least 1000-2000 mg/day in divided doses. Hypothyroidism can also affect periods, as can many other disorders, including pregnancy, if the metformin was able to restore your fertility, which is common.
329428	From two months my right arm from shoulder to elbow   have too much pain i can't raise my arm even can, t move  what does it  mean...I am so upset.?	Shoulder disorder You may have a shoulder sprain, dislocation, rotator cuff tear, and developing a frozen shoulder. See your pcp.
6688368	Diagnosed with ETD by ENT consultant I also have a second perforated ear drum can both be treated surgically together? In awful pain with both tx	Yes and no The perforated eardrum likely caused by recurrent ear infections. The ear infections are likely due to eustachian tube dysfunction. Your ENT will discuss treatment of perforation (including tubes) and ETD. No surgical treatments exist for ETD. Only proven methods I know if include treatment of nasal allergy and congestion (including steroid or anti-histamine sprays), self inflation of ears,
1471864	I have a choking/lump feeling in my throat.  Been there on and off for weeks now. Throat doesn't hurt. But it's stressing me out!!	Throat lump on and off with no pain is hard to tell without a thorough history and examination. Assuming throat examination is unremarkable then consideration should be given Globus Hysterica
1176001	I can't sleep. Should i take a melatonin?	Melatonin can be Effective for difficulty sleeping. Are you using good sleep hygiene? Retire ; rise same time each day. Keep bedroom dark ; cool ; use only for sex ; sleep. Turn off tv. No naps. Exercise regularly but not in late evening. No caffeine for 6 hrs ; no alcohol or tobacco w/i 2 hrs of sleep. Keep dinner moderate sized ; finish at least 2 to 3 hrs before sleep. Try warm milk, chamomile tea or melatonin.
6622803	Right side of body numb for weeks. Pressure in back/right side of head. Ear feels plugged some jaw pain. Normal MRIs/MRV/MRA and nerve test all norm?	TOS 20 y female w. "numb" shoulder/arm, ipsilateral "plugged ear, jaw pain" & lateral-posterior ipsilateral "head pressure" w. " normal" MR exams & NCT's.
164944	Can reactions to poison ivy, oak, and sumac be prevented?	Depends on stage Treatment for contact to the poison ivy or poison oak plant depends on the stage of exposure. If the rash is present, a doctor can prescribe steroids and antihistamines. If the exposure is recent and pre-symptoms, washing with tecnu helps remove urushiol, the oil from the poison ivy and poison oak plants that cause the blisters, itching, and pain. See your doctor and don't rub your eyes!
868566	Can I take Zyrtec and Claritin together? Or can I take Zyrtec and Benadryl to boost the Zyrtec?  Will taking Mucinex DM along with Zyrtec help?	See your doctor If your allergies are not controlled with one med alone, stepping up to a different med like flonase, nasonex, etc. , will likely help you more than taking two antihistamines. Zyrtec and Claritin will not help much at all if you have a cold and not allergies, though Benadryl can dry up secretions somewhat. You can add mucinex if you also have a cough. Talk with your doctor about your symptoms.
6778501	Hello Dr. im a little worry, on the weekend i felt sick. first i felt tingling on my right side of my head, then on my right side of my cheek . I felt very weak, and then dizzy. i got home and felt worse, my right leg was swollen, and my tongue, very very	Weak and dizzy i am sorry but for you the safest is to be evaluated in person although it may turn out to be not critical it would be terrible if you did need treatment
1457252	Abdominal discomfort 6 days, slight nausea, low back pain (common with my period). On birth control and have 5 days of pills left. Sex 8 days ago.	Feeling poorly Not sure what the question is but would continue to finish your pill pack.
6725877	Does endoscopic sinus surgery change the appearance of your face?	No ask your surgeon about the details, or any other question
1582704	I'm 13 wks pregnant and developed a itchy raised rash on left lower back. They are red bumps that seem to spread anywhere when itched.	Dermatologist A doctor will need to see this to make a diagnosis. Scabies is one possibility. If you can not see a doctor soon consider using Healthtap Prime. One of the primary care doctors can look at the rash and probably make a diagnosis.
589518	My son bumped his forehead the other day. He's got a swollen red soft bump it's been three days, should I worry that this could be a skull fracture?	Not likely You say he bumped his forehead. ..Usually a skull fracture is more than a bump--like falling out of a shopping cart or high chair on to tile or tree or hitting a wall with some speed.....A skull fracture can have a boggy squishy area over it that appears a few days after the injury. It is not likely. If you are really concerned see your pediatrician.
534702	Blood results: alt/sgpt serum level=40 iu/l, serum alkaline phosphatase=43 iu/l, serum bilirubin level=2 umol/l, serum urea level=2.3 mmol/l. Normal?	Normal It is very important to know why these were drawn in what sounds to be an otherwise healthy 19 year old. Did you expect to find something wrong?
533059	Can ear infection cause intense tooth ache where a tooth has been extracted along lower jaw line . And i can't bear to eat or touch the area. ?	Let's back up There may be several things going on simultaneously, and may be related or purely coincidental. Yes ear infections can be associated with referred pain in the area. Is it truly tooth type pain (acute to hot and cold and pressure)? Teeth are not found on the "jaw line" unless severely impacted, if so it was significant surgery. If fairly recently done, see dentist asap, otherwise ENT consult.
533281	Can i take Mucinex when I have a thyroid condition and am on synthroid? I have mucus and congestion in my throat.	Yes This is a safe combination.
6614699	I have a small patch of bumpy skin on my face. The bumps are not red, nor do they itch or hurt. Is this just dry skin? Or maybe acne?	Facial lesions Bumps on the face could be multiple things. Acne will turn red eventually. Eczema (associated with dry skin) can result in bumps that may or may not itch. A fungal infection would gradually spread and may not itch. If the bumps have a small central pit it could be a benign infection called Molluscum that resolves over time. Using steroids like hydrocortisone will worsen a fungal infection.
1131167	I had normal serum protein electrophoresis. Alpha-1-globulin is 0.25 (0.17 - 0.50 g/dl). Low end of normal? Test for alpha1-antitrypsin? Dr not concerned. I have mild asthma (no wheezing, coughing, etc	Would not worry Not certain what you are looking for, but you seem not to have respiratory issues to prompt a work up for a1at deficiency. I would not do further testing for that unless you develop emphysema. Remember never to smoke !
285515	Red odorous bumps looks like pimples under penis head partner had cancer causing HPV but treated could she give me genital warts? Or  is it yeast inf?	Need to be seen This is probably an infection -- several come to mind, including chancroid -- and your physician needs to see it.
6730383	How to decrease DHT level in scalp to improve the healthy and thick growth of hair ?	DHT &amp; HAIR Hi AhmedK ~ once again abbreviations discourged to increase accuracy of answer. DHT here dihydrotesterone. This is done with a tablet called FINASTERIDE. Heres a link with all the details on it! In my opinion its INAPPROPRIATE to use in 29yos but many would disagree and DO use it and embrace the side effects which can be severe! http://www.thehairlossreview.com/treatment_reviews.html
6730384	Do Bv Cause Alot of constant watery white D.C Or Clear & can uti cause Sore Lower Adomen & bladder? or the same Discharge	Concerning The symptoms could be consistent with cervix infection and possible spread into the uterus. Because of the lower abdominal pain, have to recommend you be seen urgently to rule out pelvic inflammatory disease (early treatment is necessary to preserve normal reproductive capacity). To answer your question, BV or yeast infection can cause discharge. UTI can be associated with bladder discomfort.
6762366	I had strep throat almost 2 weeks ago I'm fine but my lymph node is still swollen it's gone down in size and does not hurt when should I go to the doc?	Follow up Uaually when you complete your medication for a recheck to make sure the strep has cleared and you are better. All the best.
285513	I am a lung cancer servivor of 15 years I have had bronchitus since mid july I have had a chest xray and a cat scan and my lungs are fine my cancer treatment was surgery to remove top lobe of left lung and 6 and a half weeks of radiiation?	Good news It sounds as if you have a bronchitis. Because it has lasted this long. You should see your doctor.
6714264	I gave birth to # 6, two weeks ago. Now I have really itchy legs, feet, hands, and scalp. Is this normal? (Never had this with my five others)	See your doctor Are you taking any medication that is new since the pregnancy? Isyour skin or eyes yellow in color? You may need your bilirubin level checked and your thyroid.
6693526	I've got mono, my throat is sore; tonsils are swollen with pus pockets, I've been throwing up a few times a day; my tongue is turning black..danger?	Mononucleosis Mono or "infectious mononucleosis" is a viral illness that normally resolves on its own with supportive treatment such as over the counter cold medications. Rarely, throat swelling can be so marked that a patient may need to be hospitalized for airway monitoring. Antibiotics are sometimes needed if an overlying bacterial infection develops. See your doctor for worsening or severe symptoms.
1443985	I have osgood schlatter what are some things I can do to help out my knee?	Stretch/strengthen The best things you can do to protect your knee joint with this condition is to make sure you stretch and strengthen the muscles around the knee. The hamstrings and quadriceps muscles are particularly important to support the knee. A physical therapist could help you with exercises to keep these muscles in good shape.
1310271	Why don't I have a period after stopping birth control Depo-Provera  my first and last shot was august 2013?	Normal Depo is given intramuscularly and can hang around quit awhile to suppress your cycle. It is not abnormal and will were off eventually. Since you only had the one shot, you should see your doctor. Could you be pregnant?
1442439	Tight chest can't breathe for months now and waking up with left arm pain . It not heart I am 27 what else ? Also feel weak and night sweats .	Heart How do u know its not cardiac? Your symptoms sounds concerning for it. Please contact your pcp as soon as possible.
357085	Please prescrie me the medicine for runny nose sneezing headache and evening sore throat?	Prescription You need to see your doctor, who knows your medical history.
659257	I miscarried in december 2011 and october 2012, i had a d&c in october. Now I have missed my period for five days, should I go and see a doc immediaty?	No Start with a home pregnancy test. If it is positive you can call your doc to decide the appropriate time to be seen.
1027407	What to do for shooting pain from hip joint along hip flexor or from knee to hip on same leg?  Not constant, but occassional when exercising?	See Ortho surgeon A history/ physical exam by an ors should be able to give u the correct dx. When exercising it could be muscle or tendon irritation, nerve irritation from your back , or possibly an early arthritic hip condition which can refer pain to the knee....Based soley on your hx . And age i would examine your hip closely and x-ray the affected hip...
1064169	Need dermatologist recommendation, should I get moles removed on my back?	Get a consult Some moles which are flat can be covered with make up, but seek out a consult from a facial plastic surgeon about more permanent removal. Some moles can be shaved off with good cosmetic results while some require full excision. I have found many patients are highly appreciative about their mole removals.
1100893	No ovaries, tubes, cervix, nor uterus, not cancer, but have pelvic/low abdominal pain. Had pelvic exam was good. What can this be? Bm/urinate ok	Need for examination It is not feasible to provide a meaningful opinion without examining you and may be performing some tests and imaging. One entity to consider would be diverticulosis. You appear to be under the care of a physician and it would be prudent to discuss the matter with her/him.
1240108	Dry cough with sore throat, body aches, fatigue, nausea but no vomiting, diarrhea, constant headache.	URI or Could be uri, or something else. See your doctor.
1381318	I have large red patches on the back of my calves.  The skin is hot and tight,  and each patch has one to three raised liquid filled bumps.  Itchy.	Contact dermatitis Did you come in contact with poison ivy or other irritants. Do you have known skin reactions to chemical,metals, fibers, soaps, etc.use topical steroids once- twice per day, for 1-2 weeks
1007735	Pea size lump on right side of neck, painless, for 5 months; can be moved side to side if pressed. Tingling/numbness in right arm; CRP & ESR raised(?)	Likely arthritis nec The lump that can be moved under the skin is probably an incidental finding at location where pressure could cause symptoms of nerve root irritation even if there was no lump. High sed rate and CPR indicate inflammatory activity.
1381643	I have already had 2 meniscus Surgeries on my right knee. The last one just this past Nov. I had a MRI on Friday and the results are as following.	Stem Cells Check out Regenexx.Com to see if they might be of help to you.
930366	My right knee looks like it has a dent in it. I have patellar tendonitis and was wondering if that was part of the tendonitis or something else?	Knee Patellar tendinosis is a breakdown of tissue. Having a defect or dent from partial tear is possible.
6689417	Hi I am suffering with pain in my neck.Headaches and pressure in my head. Dizziness and blurryspot in my righteye should be worried?Constant for weeks	Worried Yes you should be worried and you must see your doctor as soon as possible. If there is a delay please go to the nearest Emergency room.
1524924	I take folic acid with vitamin C with iron & zinc tablets all with each other as I am not pregnant but diagnosed as chronic anemia & depression?	Chronic anemia There are several types of "anemia" which can be helped by taking iron and folic acid, and you might also add vitamin B. If the anemia is caused by iron deficiency, you might need more than the iron in standard vitamins. See your healthcare provider for guidance. There are more complicated causes sometimes and you need further testing to be certain.
771622	Can peeling an orange, getting juice on hands, cause itching and burning?  No redness on skin or visible rash.	Dry skin Your hands must be dry and small cracks can burn and sting upon contact with acidic juice. Moisturize your hands.
1512682	Pain on patella (front of knee) 4.5 months post ACL reconstruction. Is this normal or should I be concerned?	Tendinitis.? It could be tendinitis of the patellar tendon. Discuss this with your surgeon. You may need specific treatment for it.
388239	Do I have a brain tumor? I often have sever head aches on the left side of my head. With chest pains.	Without Without an in-depth history and physical, it is impossible to know what are causing your headaches. Headaches and their causes can be complicated, difficult diagnoses to make. You should make an appointment with your doctor for a complete evaluation. Your doctor will take a thorough history and do a neurological evaluation to try and find out what is causing your symptoms. You may want to think about the answers to some of the questions they may ask you such as: - when did it start? - how often do they happen? - are they getting more frequent or more painful? - how long do they last? - what does the headache feel like and can you point to it? - does it occur around the same time at night or does it ever happen during the day? - what other symptoms do you have and when do they occur in regards to the headache? - have you had any big life changes? - how is your lifestyle? Are you getting enough sleep, eating well, exercising? - are you taking any medications? Do you drink caffeine and how much? Answering these questions may help your doctor figure out what is causing your headaches, whether it is a serious problem or not, and how to help you. Good luck!
388231	My period is 3 days late.. Could i be pregnant? My period is 3 days late.. I'm having slight cramps, my breast hurt and kinda look a little bigger, sometimes when i stand up i get really light headed.. I just had a miscarriage october 14, 2011... Everyth	As As doctors, the first thing we do when we hear that a young, fertile woman is having a missed period or abnormal spotting, we check a pregnancy test. You can either take a home pregnancy test as long as it has been 5- 6 weeks since your last normal period, or you can go see your doctor and they can test you. A home pregnancy test is 97% accurate if taken a week or more after the missed period. A blood test can tell if you are pregnant as soon as 7 days after conception and a doctor's urine pregnancy test can tell if you are pregnant around when you next period should come. There are other reasons besides pregnancy that can cause a woman to miss a period such as: stress, diet, excessive exercise or a hormone imbalance such as with a thyroid disorder or poly cystic ovarian syndrome. If you continue to not have your period or if they become consistently irregular, you should contact your doctor.
560321	1yrold had a fever for3days?How long is too long?Not eating very well, drinking some fluids, very sleepy.Fevers btwn 100-103.7 giving tylenol/ibuprofen.	Doctor can evaluate If a parent is not sure when to take a 1 year old to the doctor, she can call the doctor's office. Some doctor's have their patients come in on the first couple of sick days, but it depends on the experience of the parents and on what the child is doing. "very sleepy", "very fussy", or otherwise acting strangely, especially when the temperature is not very high, means the child can be evaluated.
845152	How can I tell if this is an abscess or canker sore? I've never had either and it's a small white/yellow pin sized bump under my gum that doesn't hurt. What should I do about it?	See a dentist It could be one of many things. 1. Periodontal abcess 2 foreign body 3 tooth abcess 4 local trauma.
1155411	Does anxiety cause arm and chest pains tension in ribs near heart. I have had an egc monitor on me by abulance men they said my heart is fine. I am in mid 50s sufffer since 16. So what can I do now.	See a psychiatrist Lots of good medicine and therapy for anxiety and tension. Get an evaluation and treatment recommendations.
303828	Diagnosed w/ HPV wed via pap. No visible symptoms ! gyno said no other tests r needed & get pap in 1 year. Should i be concerned 4 warts & cancer ?	Follow up with doc Most hpv will resolve on its own. Approximately 5-10% of hpv infections may not resolve and eventually result in abnormal pap tests with pre-cancer changes. Following up regularly with your doctor is the most important step. If the pap smear changes, your doctor will discuss further treatment if needed. Keep following your doctor's instructions.
394812	Pain in the shoulder and neck burning sensation all in the arm, numbness in the arm and tingling sensation n the arm. Not having fluid movement	You You need to have an immediate medical evaluation. A burning sensation, numbness and tingling could represent a stroke or a significant neurological catastrophe. It can also be from a "pinched nerve", but you need to be evaluated immediately to determine the cause. Please go to the er for these symptoms.
239658	I'm 31 and have developped joint pains in wrists, knees, ankles (swollen) on just getting back to tropics after extensive travels in europe - suggtns?	See our doc Could be infection, inflammation from problems like e. g. Rheumatoid arthritis. You need to see your doc to get this diagnosed.
938246	I have a swollen bump (maybe lymph node) under jawline on neck, and rash under bottom lip. I'm thinking its something viral?	You may be right You may be right. But if it lasts more than 2 weeks, see doctor.
6703688	Having a headache and eye pain no fever very mild ear pain ent said no ear infection and no fluid what could it be ?	Consider Allergies Seasonal allergies can cause a variety of symptoms including nasal congestion, running, eye itching/watering, sneezing, post-nasal drip, ear pain/fullness, facial pain/pressure behind cheeks and eyes, as well as headaches. If you are having nasal or eye symptoms in addition to ear/eye pain I would consider seeing an Allergist for further workup and evaluation.
858856	How many years can a tumor that is benign turn into malignant ? Becouse I have a tumor in my parotid gland for 2 years but it never increase it sizes	Needs monitoring Needs to be followed. Been biopsied already? Answer to your question depends on the typeof abnormality. See md.
280576	I've been having mild to severe headaches, nausea, bloating, foggy brained, gas and sensitivity/intolerance to various foods for several weeks.?	Many symptoms... A person with many symptoms needs to see a primary care doctor. There may be one or more than one disorder causing the symptoms. A symptom diary is important. One can write down symptoms on a big calendar, along with what meds were taken, what foods/drinks were eaten, what activities were done, what improves / what worsens symptoms, etc... She can show the diary to the dr., to help the evaluation.
6790628	Woke up from  nightmare with HR of 80.Why is this if your are sleeping?Isn't your heart supposed to be resting at a lower rate not reacting to fear?	Panic Disorder I understand your distress. Nightmares can have panic, sweating, increased heart rate and respiration due to painful traumatic experiences with unresolved conflicts. Your State has Wonders of Everglades National Park. Visit, feel Peace; release feelings of anxiety, fear, panic, hurt, resentment, guilt. See a Psychiatrist for diagnosis of Anxiety or Panic Disorder, have Medication and Therapy.
1527002	Ate chick taco in Mexico diarrhea for 12 days blood and stool tests all negative??? No fever have chills 26/f bad cramps	Watch for dehydratio You can get a viral gut infection which gives you your symptoms with normal stool tests Sometimes the tests are negative but you still have the infections. You need to watch out for dehydration and the provider should give you some anti diarrhea medication or increase your fiber to slow it down Sometimes an antibiotic is given like flagyl to help heal faster Keep drinking fluids and follow up
1186653	Fatigue, light brown spotting (twice within the last three weeks), headache, dizziness, bloating. Pregnant?	Could be Your symptoms could indicate a pregnancy, but to be sure, see a provider and check it out!
1570363	No fever, have nausea, lower stomach cramps, gassy bloated feeling, tiredness. Could this be symptoms of a stomach virus?	Yes it could, but if things continue or worsen, contact your medical team.
1505546	Left arm has mild pain, off and on for days,my elbow aches, shoulder will hurt then stop. I'm 40 type 1 diabetic for two years now. Good Lipid panel ?	And question? is not entirely clear. I assume it isn't about lipids (unlikely related to pain) and IS about pain. without an exam, I can only give general information, and, muscle/joint aetiology is easy w. exam. Staying mobile very important. And.. nerve injury/pinch/irritation/neuropathy goes in the path of the nerve neck-->shoulder-->elbow-->hand. would NOT hurt to touch and more shooting type pain.
959970	Symptoms after dinner - upper arms & back muscle pain, diarrhea, nausea, weakness, numb & tingling arm +menstrual period - heart or intestinal issues?	This needs med eval This needs medical evaluation. Could be as simple as postassium deficiency.
298708	Fluid swelling in leg and ankle sprung up a week after knee injury went down with ibuprofen and elevation overnight concern? Dr appt in a week anyway.	Several options! When someone has post-traumatic swelling of the knee, i aspirate it immediately. If there is pure blood, then some internal structure is almost always damaged, i get an mri-if positive, refer to orthopedics. If clear, inject with steroids and wrap. I see no harm in waiting one week for your appointment.
1419942	Got clinical breast exam done Bilateral mild Fibroadenosis diagonised, doctor said mammogram not needed. Should I get one?	Do you mean fibrocystic changes? If the doctor did not find anything suspicious on the clinical exam, there is no need for a mammogram until you are 40, unless a mass or other symptom develops, or you are at very high risk.
6689575	I have had my headache for five days now every time I get up I get dizzy and my eyes go black I just want to sleep and now it hurts when I breath?	See MD. I would see your MD ASAP just to rule out problems.
184083	What are the problems that can come from venipuncture?	Few In general venipuncture is safe, problem-free, and well-tolerated. Occasionally it may be associated with a poor sample quantity, more than expected discomfort, inability to access vein or obtain sample, hematoma, or the need to return for another sample attempt. Infection or other vascular issues are very rare.
6712637	Diarrhea making me sick and puke since last month. On period now.Align, helped first week.still diarrhea, my bowel makes me puke.food hurts in stomach?	See doctor You could have an ulcer or other problem causing the abdominal pain, vomiting and diarrhea. Start a proton pump inhibitor like omprazole, continue the align and see as doctor as soon as possible.
6717464	Boyfriend sick with cough for a day, having difficult time breathing.Says left side of his chest hurts all the time but more when deep breaths.advice?	R/O PERICARDITIS You may have inflammation of the heart=PERICARDITIS vs inflammation of the lungs =PLEURITIS. Myocarditis is much more serious and can be suggested by an abnormal echo. Often they are post viral.They tend to resolve with rest/hydration /NSAID(indocin) if it persists a course of prednisone may be needed. SEEK PROMPT EVALUATION FOR EKG/CXR & LABS.
979982	Can anything be done for a kidney stone showing in X-ray & CT scan giving lot of pain on the left side of stomach & back, & urine & fob showing blood?	See your doctor And will likely need a referral to an urologist, depending on stone size and how long it has been a problem. Smaller stones (5 mm or less) generally pass on their own. You need to drink a lot of water and get proper pain control. If the stone is bigger, you need more aggressive treatment to possibly include ureter stent placement and/or lithotripsy to pulverize the stone.
1311057	I get itchy around my neck stomach arms usually when I get out the shower and when I scratch I see a white little bump what is this ?	Pre treat shoer with luke warm water, rub cocconut oil before and after shower, try zyrtec i every night for 2 weeks.
1490113	I have cystic acne and on lymecycline antibiotics and Fucidin H topical cream, the cyst aren't going down how do I get rid of them?	Dermatologist This may require minor surgical procedures. See a dermatologiist.
395497	What should I do to it and approximately how long should I rest it? I have kicked a soccer ball not stretching properly and i feel my inner thigh muscle so tight from my knee to my hip. I feel lil contraction lifting my knee toward my chest	You You are most likely having a severe muscle spasm. You can try ice, advil, and very gentle stretching. A physical therapist may be helpful. The other thing we always worry about with leg pain however i will mention, and that is a blood clot. If you have any history of clots, or have swelling, severe pain, increased pain when the leg is down, chest pain, or shortness of breath, then you must go to the er to evaluate it.
617988	I'm done taking my terconazole for my yeast in i still itch on my vulva but nothing else should I take Monistat 7 now since i'm still itching?	See see doc See your gynecologist for re evaluation before you do anything else.
399994	I had a sore spot come up on my elbow i mashed on it an what i think was glass came out of it. Now I have a red bump and my elbow is sore to the tuchis it enfected	Hello. Hello. You may have had a foriegn body reaction around a piece of glass that had been embedded. I an answering your question five days after it was written. Hopefully, you elbow is well on the way to healing when you read this. However, if you are this far out and the area is red, tender, hot or swollen, you may have an infection and might need antibiotic treatment.
585066	My period is 10 days late. I have sore breasts snd sensitive nipples. Negaive home pregnancy test. What's wrong with me?	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
593665	Continuous pain in complete  lower abdomen. Started  with my period from 15th feb. Sonography - uterus 10.7*7.3 cm. Hypoechoic area of size 5.8*4*4.9?	Not sure Terms like hypoechoic area in uterus are pretty useless. Could mean anything. If they actually thought it was clinically relavent, then it should be acted on. I would suggest a ct scan for further eval of persistent lower abdominal paon.
6644716	Woke up with diarrhea maybe because i ate grease meatloaf but i can drink fluids without vomiting so i hope i dont have the stomach bug which i fear?	Keep it up. If you are not having vomiting, then you are doing the right thing for your diarrhea. Try to drink enough fluids so that your urine appears clear or only slightly pale yellow. If you see blood in your stool, have severe abdominal pain, high fevers, or if your diarrhea lasts more than 3 to 4 days, see your doctor immediately. Good luck.
1232013	I have rosacea and take antibiotics, now have jaw pain, eye pain, plus bad tooth left side. Doc said anxiety.My eye as pressur behind it and dry an sore?	Please go to the ER For evaluation and treatment. Sounds like an abscessed tooth but glaucoma also needs to be looked into. Definitely not anxiety. Best wishes.
6788402	3 yr old has a big swollen lymph node on one side of neck that has been there formonths. Blood work normal.purple circles under eyes?possibilities?	How big? Although enlarge glands are not uncommon among young children, if the node is much larger than a buck- shot size , ask your doctor if he needs a biopsy even if the blood work was normal. The dark circles under the eyes suggests that he may have nasal obstruction often caused by allergies.
23861	What is stress urinary incontinence?	Stress Incontinence Stress incontinence: leaking urine with activity, cough, sneeze. It occurs because of a weakness to the ligaments supporting the urethra. Currently there are many treatment options. Follow up with a gynecologist, urogynecologist or urologist to discuss.
883920	I would like to try melatonin and come of sleeping pills , I am taking thyroxine will this be ok , my doctor has never heard of melatonin?	Melatonin Should be ok as long as u get clearance from your prescribing doctor.
1089308	Son has complex right renal cyst & simple left cyst. Rbc & WBC in urine no bacteria, nitrite, or leukocytes, & trace amount of protein. 12 yrs old.	What is the question I'm not sure what the question is, but if you're wondering is there an infection, the urine was probably cultured and will take a few days to return the growth of bacteria or 'colony count'. Symptoms are an important part of this evaluation as well as past history of problems.
1514973	I had a myomectomy in nov 2013 for fibroids and left Falopian tube was disconectd due to fluid in it.fluid is back again.can I be pregnant without ivf?	Hydrosalpinx It sounds like you're describing hydrosalpinx. Fluid in the tubes can be from infection, which can block the tubes. This might reduce the chances of normal conception. You might benefit from a hysterosalpingogram (HSG) or sono hysterogram once this improves to check for tubal patency.
6744164	I have been running a low grade fever (99-100.2) for approx 2weeks I've also been suffering from diarrhea and dizzy spells I have increased h2o intake?	Keep drinking fluids You should probably do yourself a favor and not try and treat yourself anymore at home because this may simply get more complicated and then, things can go south. Get an appointment to see a doctor and be prepared to take stool samples in for testing.
6620988	Missed 2/3pills had spotting for 2/3 wks mildly sex activ , bleedin ended finally cramps lft side white discharge dizznes tired sore breast but ng hpt?	Ovulating Possible escape ovulation due to missed pills. Use condoms to prevent pregnancy and continue the OCP until next scheduled bleed. Should regulate without difficulty. Decrease caffeine and use snug sports bra for tender breasts.
580655	Im not sexually active&have pearly penile papules.About 2 months ago i noticed a small white crater where head meets shaft.Ive had hand warts.Any idea?	GET IT CHECKED It probabely is not a wart but if you are concerned have it checked.
1270053	I accidentally started a grease fire yesterday anf inhaled a lot of smoke, and today my back and lungs are killing me plus hurts to cough.	Go to ER You need to be evaluated by a medical professional. You could have serious respiratory problems requiring treatment or observation. Those things are unlikely , but only an evaluation will tell.
992019	My uterus  normal  about 6 cent. I have a fibroid 5 cent.On the nuvaring for bleeding. Is this why it looks like i'm pregnant.Because of that fibroid?	Fibroids It depends on the location of the fibroid and your size. If you are thin and the fibroid is on the front and on top (anterior fundal) of the uterus, it can push on your abdominal wall and make you look pregnant if you are thin. The NuvaRing would be useful if the fibroid were close to the lining and should not be in a place to make you look pregnant.
696816	Terrible sound and pain in outer knee getting up from squat. 3 days later no pain but a lot of swelling. What is it?	Many causes Sprain. Ligaments, arhtritis, etc.
1499794	I have a hard painless lump on the bone behind my ear. What could it be?	? lymph node Could be a lymph node or cyst if it moves around. Hard to tell without an examination. If it's on the other side as well, could just be a prominence of the bone.
1394711	I have acne and topical creams don't work. I also have a history of eczema and allergies. How do I get rid of my acne?	Could see your PCP or dermatologist for oral options for acne
1383253	Irritant dermatitis on chest seems to heal but skin is very dry, rough and still red.sometimes still itches. how to make skin soft and normal again?	Cream You could try using a benedryl gel when it is itchy. In the meantime just use a good moisturizer to the area every day and eventually the skin should heal up.
1428698	M 35 yr old.ive multiple cysts in both of my breasts.i get my U/s breast done every 2nd yr.is only US enough.strong f/m history of diff. types of cancers?	Ultrasound not enoug Ultrasound is a good initial test for cyst in the breast but you should have by now a base line mammogram to make sure what kind of breast tissues you have your doctor should aspirated some of the cyst for diagnosis purposes mean while avoid caffeine and chocolate and take some vitamin E and 600 mg ibuprofen daily make sure you follow with a breast specialist
1247902	I haven't had any cramping but my breasts have been sore for 5 days, period doesn't come for another week and had unprotected sex w/ fiance 10 days ago?	Premenstrual It would be way too early for you to have any physical or chemical connection to a new fetus inside of you. If your period does not start on time then it will be time to do a pregnancy test. Remember that pregnancy only happens from sex on the five days leading up to ovulation.
1458155	Good evening. I have an aching pain in the back of my left shoulder & upper left arm. my fingers & thumb on my left hand go numb & tingles?	Nerve entrapement See your family doctor and he will probably order a nerve conduction test to see what is going on. It could be a problem at the wrist, elbow, or shoulder
1458626	Is it possible for my 12 year old daughter to have breast cancer?.. She told me the other day that she feels something like a tender lump/bump	Breast lump A lump in you child's breast may be a cyst anot cancer
1458620	What does it mean if my lymph nodes are alternating in swelling in the neck? It would go to left side to under chin to right then back to chin/ left	See MD Hi, if the lymph nodes r painful then it's possible that you have some kind of infection, it could be in ur teeth, throat, lung, heart. if not painful and been there for longer than 6 wks and not going away it could be more serious than infection, see your MD. Be safe.
988092	Have serve sore throat congestion fever can't breath. Been on antibotic for a month why am i sick?	Why sick... Hello, your problem should have been resolved. If it persists for a month, you need to follow up with your doctor. A peritonsillar abscess could be present. If this is the case, you should see an ENT doctor for a second opinion.
1597227	Sore throat in the mornings & can't swallow food without feeling very painful in left side of throat like a lump. Recovered from a cold 3 weeks ago?	Need examination Detailed PE and if indicated barium swallow
765138	Could I have ocvm or caa with a normal MRI 4-18-13 & had a mra done dec 2012 it was a close MRI i get pains in my head here in there headches?	Unlikely It's unlikely. Most headaches are not caused by structural issues with the brain and you have had a normal mri.
1258190	What is the best eye allergy drops for eye allergies that result in swollen itchy eyes, specifically those which result in a lot of mucus?	They do exist There are several otc eye drops specifically for allergies. There are other eye drops that may mask symptoms but are not specifically treating the cause. Topical decongestants are in the second category. Read labels and ingredients. A pharmacist should also be able to help. Each appropriate product will help any but not all.
1126377	Will douching help irregular bleeding from Depo-Provera shot? I know it's not good to do often. But will this help at least for a short period of time?	Contraception Douching will not help irregular bleeding from the depo shot. Douchibg is really not recommended because it changes the vaginal acidity. Irregular bleeding is normal with the depo shot. It normally improves after a few months.
486760	Could itchy nipples be a sign of pregnancy?	May be Different woman experience different symptoms. If you are more than 14 days past the due date of your period, you may wish to do a home pregnancy test. See this site for info on this topic. http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/pregnancy-am-i-pregnant.
1333520	Normal blood pressure buy feet are swollen and both legs somewhat sore. They're also itchy. I'm 32 weeks pregnant. Normal?	Yes elevated your legs when sitting support hose also helps
858147	My body temp ranges from 95-97.7 lately; feel feverish when v low. 21, v ill with pots-like symps since flu in feb (tilt-table test end of july). Can normal hospitals do blood volume tests?	A very close ball pa A pretty close ball park can be obtain by most office lab.
1332138	Near d vagina, on d thighs, thr is a black lump which increases nd decreases depending on d periods. at times it itches nd ozzes blood nd pus. for 2yr?	Draining cyst You have a possible Bartholin draining cyst which needs to treated through drainage and treated with antibiotics by your doctor
730008	Constant dizziness for 12 days headache present sometimes. Is this a migraine?	Probably not Even if u have had history of migraine it rarely results in constant dizziness. You should see a neuro- otologist. One of the most common cause of dizziness is very low vitamin d. But it could be an inner ear infection or something more serious.
553665	Experiencing chunky white discharge, had negative culture for yeast , bv, & trich. . Had  routine neg pap also. Freq UTI in past 6 mos. Neg kidney u/s.	Yeast Yeast does not culture well. I do not know of any other infection that yields that kind of discharge. That is why the common yeast is called "albicans" (white).
1332130	Slight swelling of upper jaw under eye sinus infection and tooth abcess taking Clindmaycin it's not very big been like that since last night?	Dental infection Tooth abscess will not resolve on its own with home care. The most common type of dental abscess is a tooth, and the second most common is a gum or combination of both tooth-gum abscess. In order to get appropriate treatment it is important to know the underlying cause for this infection. Rec.: see your dentist for evaluation, x-rays and treatment. Predictable treatment and outcome.
239388	I have had headaches, nausea, tiredness, blood suar around 50, and then high in 200 , dizzy , blurry eyes and some times can't spit my words out. ?	See your doc See your doc, have history and physical and some lab tests done (e. g. Blood count, sugar, electrolytes, liver, kidney, calcium, perhaps iron, others, etc).
1210369	Cold symptoms since 2/11/14. Still congested, sore throat, chills and aches. Can the flu or cold last this long? Any idea what this can be? Thanks!	Complicated Flu can linger for couple of weeks, hopefully you haven't got re infected with another virus or had bacterial secondary infection. May be time for exam, probable antibiotic.
6692468	I've had a severe itching, almost burning sensation, around my vulva. At first I thought it was a yeast infection because it felt similar to one I'd gotten a few years ago. But even after using Vagisil and Monostat, it hasn't gotten better in fact it seem	See a doctor Yeast infection remains possible; about 10-15% are resistant to the usual treatments. Or perhaps something else, including a possibility of an STD like gonorrhea, chlamydia, trichomonas, etc (if you are at risk). Failure to respond to self-treatment for yeast always should be followed right away by professional evaluation. See a doctor. Good luck!
1191151	I have an odd sensation between my breasts/center of my chest. Almost as if there is something in there.  Lump in throat also.  Gas? Anxiety?	Lump in throat What you are describing is most likely anxiety and stress reactions. Try antacids like tums or Pepcid to see if it makes you feel better. Do meditation and relaxation exercises. Keep a journal to pin point causes of anxiety. See your doctor about cause of your symptoms and anxiety relief.
6777871	I'm on Chlomophine, and had blood test on day 21 which showed progesterone 31 (which I was told might mean I ovulated a day late). I am now on day 30 and no period yet. I took a pregnancy test last night and it was negative, though I realise this could ha	Egg apparantly did not get fertilized. So, appears to be not pregnant but i would take another pregnancy test a week later to make sure. If you want to discuss the situation shoot me an e-mail , click this --> https://www.healthtap.com/experts/12714048-dr-vahe-yetimyan
6669665	At 11 wks pregnant ultrasound, an Anechoic Cyst of 6cm seen in left ovary. Is there any risk for the pregnancy? Baby is healthy and rest is normal.	Not usually. A cyst is common in the 1st 10 weeks ,one which supports the pregnancy. Don't pa nix especially if your Ob is not concerned.
6754660	Ear infection-severe pressure pain-bleeding-then no pain. Cannot hear at all. ER doc could not see problem with ear drum- could it still be ruptured?	DEPENDS An adult ear drum is easier to evaluate than that of a kid and less often obscured by wax buildup or debris in the canal. If the ER doc saw the ear drum a even a small rupture is relatively easy to spot.The smaller ones can heal quickly, but that would take a minimum of several days.A Q-tip placed in the canal during the process could have scraped the wall=blood.
684534	What causes rid of a staph infection scar?	Improve, not remove. Scars cannot be removed but there is a large variety of techniques to improve their appearance, both surgical and non-surgical. They also improve with time. See a dermatologist or board-certified plastic surgeon to evaluate your options. Good luck!
404830	About every five to six weeks, i experienced bloating and severe abdominal pain, following by vomiting and then diarrhea. This lasts anywhere from six to 24 hours. I am very groggy and my mouth is sandpaper-dry. I had some tests and the doctor said i have	There There are many possible causes for such symptoms. Lactose intolerance as well as celiac disease are possibilities. Also a parasitic condition called giardiasis can cause some of these symptoms. Celiac disease can be tested for with a blood test and celiac disease can be confused with irritable bowel. If these symptoms have been going on for more than a few months, i strongly suggest that you see a gastroenterologist (gi specialist). He/she can test you for all these above conditions. Good luck and i hope your symptoms get better quickly once a diagnosis is made. By the way, irritable bowel does not tend to cause vomiting.
870952	Three radiologists said that my breast biopsy was concordant with the ultrasound images. The follow up ultrasound showed no increase in size 5 months later. Is itgood?	Concordance Very good. Typically, continued follow-up will be performed, up to 2 years total.
484727	I have small itchy red bumps on the inside of my clitoris! i got ate out and fingered the night before these bumps appeared! what are these bumps?	Irritated follicles They are likely irritated hair follicles but it could be something else more serious. If it worsens or does not resolve, go see your doctor.
1124622	Help docs! i'm trying to find out what causes yellow vagina discharge other than yeast infection?	Several things There are several bacteria that can cause this. See your gynecologist who will do a wet mount and./or a culture to identify the problem and treat it.
6736160	My stomach swells bad, i have bad nausea and acid reflux with a bad taste in my mouth, belching, gas and pain in upper right under rib  &breast bone.	Gallbladder Bloating, nausea, and right upper quadrant pain are all suggestive of gallbladder disease. An ultrasound of the gallbladder and/or a HIDA scan will show if you have this. See your PCP for the testing. You should also be tested for H. pylori, the cause of most ulcers. You may need referral to a gastroenterologist or general surgeon.
337036	Last sex aug9 ultrasound on oct 6 only apper a small black dot was in uterus+light period +hpt negtive + belly growing up?Last normal period aug2 pre?	Yes I agree.
1361038	Will I need to get callous surgery for a toe joint callus?	If the callous Is on top of the toe usually the toe is bending and your shoe rubs on it. If you decide to have surgery then the toe will get straightened. If between toes, often all that is needed is to remove the nub of bone hat protrudes.
1220734	What could be the cause for my uterus being inflamed an it's painful when i'm having sexual intercourse?	Many Possibilities for painful intercourse include: infection (std or other), endometriosis, mass/tumor, normal, psychologic causes, and more.
6772131	First month on pill. White discharge followed by black, brown & red 6 day period. Tender breasts, sore tummy, bloating. Whats wrong??	Nothing Usual side effects when you first start the pill, monitor, continue as is, if these symptoms are not too bothersome, otherwise contact your provider
503988	Hi I have a sore left arm between my elbow and my wrist, I have recently descovered a lump now closest to my wrist.. Should i be scared?	See your doctor Do not worry see your doctor, most likely you have ganglion cyst at your left wrist joint.
1220733	Hcg 20000 mar 5, hCG 27500 mar 11, vaginal us found only small gestation sac at eight week in uterus. Doc suspicious for ectopic?	Assuming the HCG.. ..Levels are accurate, your do not have a viable pregnancy. . The sono confirms this. I would do an endometrial biopsy to see if your pregnancy is intrauterine, and consider Methotrexate therapy as treatment for an ectopic if present. I would expect some pain and bleeding if you have an ectopic.
1518243	Pressure back of head, neck and ears for three weeks.  Pulsing in ears worse on right. Nasal passage clear no fluid in ears.  Sinus infection?.	Yes it sounds like you have an ear infection. You can log in and i can prescribe something or you can see your doctor
908132	My last period was the 21st of july thru the 25th. Had a dull ache in my abdomen on my left side and brown spotting. Headaches, sore breasts. Prego?	Maybe (not) . . . If your last menstrual period was july 21st, then it's too early to tell if you're pregnant or not, even w/home pregnancy test. You need to wait until you're 4wks late before taking test as directed on box.
1307716	Please tell me if a lentiginous junctional dysplastic nevus is really melanoma in situ. My doctor won't respond.	Not melanoma But with a higher potential to deteriorate into a skin malignancy and should be removed completely if not done yet.
1582807	Gallbladder was took out 2years ago & I may have IBS though never diagnosed. I use the bathroom at least 10x a day. I have black stools and bile why?	Black stool Black stool may be an indicator of blood in the stool. bleeding from the upper part of the GI tract may cause black frequent stools. Have it checked out. IBS should not cause bleeding.
1396242	Me and my boy both have a rash on our hands and feet. gets itchy, blotchy looking under skin, skin peels, and seems to peel in circles. is it fungal?	Certainly can be but is there anything in your mouths because i worry about hand foot and mouth disease which is a virus. See a derm for correct diagnosis before you start treatment especially on your child
1439755	Can someone confirm that twitches in the tongue is normal and not a sign of als? Myokymia? Have clesn emg of tongue.	Can be many reasons Tongue twitching can have benign (excess caffeine, lack of sleep, anxiety, fatigue, stress, overwork) or severe (ALS, demyelination, tumor) causes. Given your age and a "clean" EMG of the tongue, it is less likely due to a serious cause. However, you should follow-up with a neurologist to review all your study results. Ref: http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/003929.htm
1001973	Have had 1 wk of slight cramping and very sore breasts. Could this be due to pcos, changes to PMS symptoms or possible pregnancy?Period due in 3 days	All possible If you think you may be pregnant wait until you miss your period and then start using a home pregnancy kit and test yourself. Good luck and hope you are pregnant if trying to conceive. Best wishes.
1048317	I am taking buproprion xl, and I should not take cipro. I have a uti, and in the past only cipro cleared it up (bactrim ineffective). What can I take?	Urine culture You need to get a urine culture done to find out what antibiotic the bacteria that are causing your infection are sensitive to. The doc can then figure out which antibiotic would be the best choice.
550086	Can i get laser hair removal on my entire head so that i can be bald forever?	Mostly It can definitely help tremendously with reducing total number of hair follicles. Hairs that do grow back will be much finer and thinner. My guess is you would still have some hairs growing back at times that may need some ongoing treatment.
766794	Is it safe to take verapamil if you have sinus tachycardia, pvcs and pacs ?  I would be taking it for migraines and chronic subjective dizziness.	Yes It can be useful in treating the other conditions you outlined as well.
372404	What's the recovery like after a tonsillectomy? How long does it usually take to heal after a tonsillectomy?	Depending Depending on your age - the average is about 10days to 2 weeks - younger heal faster and hurt less. Despite what ads say - technique of tonsillectomy makes little difference.
286797	I've had a bad headache across my forehead, ear and neck pain and what feels like a tooth ache for about 8 weeks. I went to the doctor and he gave me antibiotics that didn't work. I went to a dentist and she said there's nothing wrong with my teeth but do	TMJ expert I would start with a TMJ expert to help sort our your problems. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
1378389	I have my gf she's missed her period for two months now and has had a positive hpt and then negative, so we went to ob and got blood test was negative?	Not pregnant If the blood test in particular was negative, she is not pregnant. She needs to talk to her GYN about an evaluation for why she's not ovulating.
762486	Why do I get a sharp pain in my chest and left inside elbow when i sneeze?	Pain with sneezing It could be tsetse's syndrome - inflamed ribs but see your doctor if it persists. .. Sometimes pneumonia can present with these symptoms.
1180382	Frequent urination, liquid milky discharge, tender nipples, cramping, tired. Unportected sex begining of jan.No missed period yet. Could i be pregnant?	Yes If you had or have unprotected sex, you can get pregnant. You can consider taking a home pregnancy test about 5 days before your period is due. If it's negative, consider repeating the test in 5-7 days following. If still negative, or you get your period, then likely you aren't pregnant. If you don't want to be pregnant, consider condoms and birth control pills, together they work great!
612059	This is not a normal period it started with spotting & no cramps then got heavier no cramps my pregnancy test come out negative implantation bleeding?	Not likely What you described is not consistent with an on-going pregnancy. You may repeat pregnancy test after the bleeding stops.
1511856	I'm on the Depo-Provera shot but I've been having slight movements in my stomach I can see them when I'm laying down and feel them to I've been very tired ?	Depo How long have you been on depo? If this is not your first shot, the likelihood of pregnancy is very low. In addition a preg test is done in the office prior to receiving the shot. The "movements" you are seeing are most likely food and gas as it moves through your colon. If you believe a pregnancy is possible then please do a pregnancy test and you will know.
1457396	I have a sore throat and a cough with yellow phlegm but now I have a red blistery rash in one area on my back. I have no fever. Do u know what this is?	? Shingles Shingles or herpes zoster can present with a red, blister type rash in 1 area on 1 side. You need to have a past history of chickenpox or varicella. The rash is often preceded by pain. If your doctor was able to look at it he could determine this. The rash is in a pattern called a dermatone. It can be treated with medications for viruses if diagnosed within 1-2 days of onset. Also ? contact rash.
1393054	1 round itchy place, like a rash that's very itchy. It's about the size of a quarter. completely red with tiny tiny raised spots. Under right breast. ?	Consider fungus The rash can be a variety of things including fungus, contact dermatitis, eczema, intertrigo. If a little over the counter cortisone doesn't clear it, make an appointment to see your dermatologist
1446152	Scans showed cysts in breast and focal fibrocystic change. Is fibrocystic change linked to breast cancer in anyway? Breasts aren't painful or tender.	No risk Fibrocystic breasts do not put you at any increased risk for breast cancer.
1436473	Bottom wisdom tooth never came in. Had molar pulled a few years ago & now having jaw, ear pain, sore swollen gum where wisdom tooth is under gum. ?	Impacted wisdomtooth A trip to dentist will help determine if you have impacted wisdom tooth giving you trouble and need to be extracted by an oral surgeon. It probably is infected and needs to be treated first with antibiotic and pain killer.
874980	What are common vitamin mineral deficiencies that cause lethargy (sleepy, dizzy, fatigue)?	All vitamins and Minerals work as a team and any one of them missing or in low supply will affect your normal functions. What is happening today is that many people are taking a lot of "empty" calories, meaning high calories with insufficient non caloric nutrient content. This particularly applies to sugar that easily induces vitamin b deficiency.
1601890	Strange smell coming from vagina even after a shower, dark yellow discharge, slight itching. What is this? How do I treat it?	Bacterial Vaginosis? You probably have an infection. The most likely would be Bacterial Vaginosis. Trichomonas or a yeast infection would be other possibilities. Most of these are treated with prescription medication. You can see your doctor or call HealthTap Concierge and get a prescription. Best wishes!
783920	Is it possible to die suddenly from acute alcohol hepatitis?	Likely not If severe enough, it can be fatal but usually over a period of a week or two.
6766705	I have a rash, little bumps on my inner thigh close to my vagina that im concerned about. It doesnt hurt but itch. What could it be?	Get it evaluated either by your PCP or GYN
725135	I have a rash between my butt cheeks it bes itchy, burns what could it be kind of looks like a blister been there a while now?	Please see Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This could be intertrigo or seborrheic dermatitis.
6772798	Past mth. have chronic headache mainly in front of head/behind eyes.severe fatigue no matter how much I sleep never feel well rested. Always sleeping.	Frontal Headache Frontal headache is commonly seen in patients with tension type or who suffer with other illnesses, such as snoring and sleep apnea syndrome. See your PCP for polysomnography or HST test and diagnosis.
1506956	I Have diarrhea, nausea, chills, fever of 100.4, and body aches. Could this be the flu ?	Possibly Stomach Flu Start w clear liquid like water, soda that is clear, or sports hydration drinks. Sip, sip, sip. Work up to solids w bland foods like bananas, rice, applesauce, toast, gelatin, or chicken. Avoid alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, dairy & high fat foods. Rest.
616807	My doctor prescribed buspirone 5 mg for anxiety.  I started taking it yesterday and have bad heart palpitations. What would be a good alternative?	Bus par 5 mg? Is really harmless , discuss with u provider.
691685	My wife has her periods regularly. She missed it this time and we got a serum test done for which beta hCG value is 21.75. Is she pregnant?
Thanks	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Hcg values greater than 10 is considered a "chemical pregnanacy." obtain a home pregnancy test. They become positive at about the time you're ready to start your next expected period. If i's negative, repeat in a week and call your doctor.
1238315	I have a white streak of mucus in back of throat, sinus rince clears up nose congestion but white streak is still present, i also have acid reflux?	Get evaluated If you find that this streak has not changed or disappeared i would have your doctor take a look. Sometimes there are inflammatory changes during a cold but if this is a change in throat tissue that is not resolving i would get the professional opinion. Good luck!
436286	In june, i had ovaries, fallopian tubes,  uterus and cervix removed via lavh. My FSH level is still 17.4. Is that normal?	Retained ovary The tail of the ovary was most likely cut across leaving an ovarian remnant.
772629	I am 10 days late on my period, white discharge and not sexually active? Was on birth control to regularise periods a few months ago.	Discharge needs eval Vaginal discharge requires an examination to determine the cause and treatment. Bacterial vaginosis is the most common cause and often has a vaginal odor. Vaginal itching can be a sign of a yeast infection. Since you have known irregular periods then being late on your period should not be a surprise. Why not go back on birth control since that worked before?
97541	No embryo in the uterus, but tested positive with a pregnant test - do I have an ectopic?	Not always Pregnancy tests measures a hormone called b hcg, it needs to rise to a certain level for the pregnancy to be seen in the uterus. Pregnancy test can also stay positive 3- 4weeks after a miscarriage. A slight rise in HCG levels , followed by a heavy period is possible too, this is chemical pregnancy. There are many reasons besides ectopic , but please consult your doctor and have them diagnose it.
1317682	Excessive painful gas, cramps, constipation but with sudden urgent need to have bm, nauseau especially in morning, chronic low abdomen pain- IBS?	Maybe, but... ...IBS (Irritable Bowel Syndrome) is a diagnosis of exclusion. To accurately diagnosis & treat IBS, your doctor must exclude infection (like small intestinal bacterial overgrowth), inflammation (like Crohn's), structural pathology (like partial obstructions), dysmotilities (chronic idiopathic constipation), metabolic problems (diabetes, low thyroid), & extrinsic processes (bladder, female organs).
6704620	I had about 2 days of stomach cramps and diarrhea, now I have bad constipation and a little bit of mucus in my stool. Is this normal??	Yes This is typical for an acute course of enteritis or infectious diarrhea that is resolving. Hydration, healthy food choices and rest are keys for continued recovery.
568682	I bled twice after having sexual intercourse (which was not painful) the bleeding continued for another 2 days or so then a stringy brown discharge ?	Postcoital bleeding. It could be due to a cervical polyp, or an infection. You should go have it checked out by a gynecologist.
927250	How can I help keep pain and swelling down from my knee dislocation injury. With an fracture and MCL fiber tears?	Ice and NSAIDs Icing the injury is temporarily helpful and non steroidal anti-inflammatory medications are helpful long term. Ultimately, you may need surgery.
1363787	Gf swallowed sperm, 30 days later, kidn/blad infection. Negative UTI test. 2 1/2 months late cycl negative hpt. I got tested for STDs negative 3x. Wth?	Not complicated oral sex wont give you a bladder inf. if you had any form of touching sex she might have gotten a uti. have her doctor follow up with her UTI status
6709016	Double knee repl. 2010 for no reson left shin knee swelling lots of pain left shin x ray show nothing wrong at gp knee dr another town retired. Any id?	See orthopedist I would recommend you see an orthopedist for further evaluation. There could be infection of the knee replacement, or loosening, or the pain could be unrelated to the knee replacement.
152385	I have been getting frequent ocular migraines, and numbness and tingling in my left arm.  Any idea what this could be?	Stress? Those symptoms are usually a sign of stress and/or not sleeping well. However, you may need to speak to a neurologist to rule out other more serious disorders.
1063501	Back\leg pain11week, 3rd bout in 12m.Mri shows l5s1protusion, doesn't show foot drop cause.Nerve block didn't work.Nuero did emg\normal.Is discectomy next?	Back pain It sounds like you failed conservative treatment. Surgical evaluation is a reasonable approach. There are many different surgical options for back pain. I recommend you discussing them with your surgeon.
836303	Have pretty bad patellar tendonitis in my knee. I there any way for my tendonitis to go away?	Yes Nsaids and specific knee exercises can help. Formal physical therapy may also help. Have an orthopedist evaluate the issue if you have not done so already.
618162	Are there any home remedies to get rid of post inflammatory pigmentation due to acne?	Hyperpigmentation Post inlfammatory hyperpigmentation or hemosiderosis may not respond well to hydroquinone (hq). Vitamin k oxides are purported to have some effect but I am not convinced. Lasers have mixed results and have occasionally caused worsening due to increased inflammation. I suggest trying test spots first. Use of "peel and bleach" creams (hq +retina +steroid) may be effective but require strict sunblock.
1420491	I get really sharp pains in the middle of my Chest between my breasts when I yawn or take a really deep breath. Any ideas?	Chest pain You may have costochondritis of the sternum. Taking ibuprofen may reduce your pain
504985	New laundry detergent caused me to get a skin rash on my legs and behind my knees. Now it seems behind my knees is a little swollen. What can I do?	Stop Stop using the new detergent and switch to one without harsh chemicals or fragrances. .Something like ivory or similar store brands...See your family doc for a check of the symptoms to make sure that is what it actually is....
29227	After having a DVT where clot is behind knee, is it better to wear compression stockings below knee or above?	Knee high Studies have shown that regardless of where your clot was, knee high stockings are all you need. What is more important is that your stockings give you 30-40 mm hg of graduated compression. Ted hose are not enough. You also need to wear them every day for at least two years in order to reduce your risk of getting a complication of dvts you don't want to have called post thrombotic syndrome.
1475510	Had a baby in April would like to remove breast implants that are silicone under the muscle. How long will surgery take? recovery? Can I do it now?	Breast Implants Recommend to see the surgeon who put them in, if possible or another surgeon to remove them. Yes, it is okay to remove them now, if you are not breastfeeding. Surgery SHOULD not be long, unless a lot of adhesions or complications. Good Luck.
6633327	I have ingrown hairs, red bumps and pimples (white heads) near my vagina (mostly on the inner thigh and crease). What is the cause? How can I improve?	Dump the razor Shaving with a razor can cause tiny cuts that get infected. .. Get rid of the razor, ask your doc to treat infection if there is one and switch to a beard trimmer
1275758	Recovering from stomach flu, still have gas and diarrhea. Will pepto bismol help or make things worse?	Diarrhea I doubt pepto bismol will hurt, but it will make your stool black so don't panic. I would suggest a brat diet (banana, rice, apple sauce, tea, toast) and avoid dairy for the next 2 weeks.
6638140	Could i have Lyme disease? Not posible its recent. Borrelia  Oct 14 IgM = 1.00 (1-1.5 inconclusive), Jan 15 IgM = 1.53 (1.5+pos) IgG = 0.16 (<1.00neg)	See details The lab results sre unimpressive. I strongly doubt Lyme disease based on your lab results. Without your symptoms and results of a Western blot it is impossible to answer. I
889290	Gotta pressure n back between shoulder blades like it needs cracked. Muscle or nerve? Makes breathing different when over worked. No asthma bn chked	Midback pain Beside muscle spasm, i can think of gastrtitis, acid reflux, pancreas problems, heart problems. I think you should see a doctor if it persists...
1555275	Had swollen glands.Went back for check up better now.told throat red and inflamed.feels like food is stuck or im choking. worried. Saw doc yesterday?	Infection Sounds like an infection, this may be bacterial or viral. May get swelling in the tonsil area or development of an abscess. Best to check in again with your physian
719583	Unprotected sex a couple times not during ovulation. Having cramps in middle of month during ovulation. Chances of being pregnancy?	Pregnancy It is hard to tell the chances you are pregnant. Although there is only a couple of days during the month when you can get pregnant, sperm can survive in the fallopian tubes for a number of days. Best to wait for your menses to come and if it does not occur take a pregnancy test.
1098252	I have a lot of leg and knee pain everyday, could I have leg cancer or a blood clot?	It could be less To worry about: chronic muscle fatigue, arthritis, gout, rheumatoid, sciatica/ nerve impingement - have a physician check you out and mention your concerns to be sure they know about those as well.
884664	I have had radiating right breast pain for 3 days. It starts mid sternum into breast and "through" to back. It doesn't feel cardiac pain. Help?	Many possibilities Low risk for heart. Poss peptic ulcer , a full history and physical should be done . Try otc antacid and see if this offers relief in the meantime.
6793203	For months, I have tight stiff, and burning in back of both legs in the crease behind both knees worse after ER visit to treat stomach bug/dehyd?	Fungal there is a chance that you deveopled a secondary fungal infection after being on antibiotic therapy for your stomach bug
542823	Sore throat with tonsil also got small ulceration and dropped on the tongue.Pain in swallowing.Continous fever with chills from 2 days.	Severe Sore Throat See your doctor right away. .. You could need a culture and antibiotics. Some infections can cause serious other side effects.
6729795	Swollen lymph node,headache, left eye pain,sore throat,hard to breath especially outside,heart racing,heart racing,joint pain,weight/hair loss,nosleep?	Many symptoms Without delay you must go to the nearest Emergency facility for initial evaluation of your many medical issues.
344679	Am 27 yr old & a pile patient(2nd stg).I hav a bad bloating stomach.Stools 4/5 times/day.Had stool test pH level is 5.0.Scared if it is colon cancer.?	Flu Doubt it is colon cancer- sounds more like you have an intestinal bug that is bothering you, and you need to be followed up for that. The ph level of the stool isn't worth the paper it is done with.
1025120	Heart palpitations (pvcs and pacs on 24-hour monitor). On ritalin (40mg). Doctors say it's anxiety. Should i worry about sudden death or heart attack?	No,but feels like it No, i wouldn't go that far however, it is a scary feeling. It will help if you stop Ritalin and see if the palpitations stabilizes. A benign condition can cause pvc's as well called mitral valve prolapse.
1323031	Burning intermittent pain in left shoulderblade and shoulder for almost 1 year.Cannot reproduce pain.Fear angina or cardiac. PCP says not heart.Ideas?	If your doctor cannot figure out cause on full exam, it is probably nothing. It could be pinched nerve or pulled muscle. But it would be impossible to figure out in a forum such as this one.
1431124	I had lab work done and non reactive came up on the HIV test.ive only had sexual intercourse with my wife of 7 years.Do i need to get tested again?	More info, please! Couples in monogamous relationships for over a year, w/negative HIV tests at that point, are at almost no risk for HIV IF there's no other risky behavior. Whether you should retest depends on your trust that the relationship is mutually monogamous & neither person does risky activities. HIV can spread by sharing needles, oral sex, anal & vaginal sex. See http://tinyurl.com/n52s8kk
344677	My 9 year old daughter appears to have a sinus infection( facial pain, stuffyness, cough for a week, we have been to the pediatrician twice  and she is now on antibiotic but the past three night prior she has been vomiting on when lying down and trying to	Workup and Mgt The treatment of sinusitis can take weeks to effectively treat a sinus infection. Vomiting may be due to another infection such as pneumonia, secondary to swallowed drainage and a number of other conditions. I would advise a clear liquid diet for one day, and following up with your pediatrician. I also would advise checking her temperature a few times during the day and pm.
511664	18yrs female red face w/patches of red on body.Tingling in face hands feet & just not feeling right. Temp 99.1 w/feeling light headed & mild headache?	Could be an allergy Red patches are usually the sign of an allergic reaction to something you ate and/or came in contact with. Try and think what you ate or touched and if it could be affecting you.
408522	Im 27 and I have two lumps in my neck, should I seek treatment? The first lump is at the base of my skull on the right side it is hard and painless the size of a lima bean. The second lump is just under my right ear was the same size but has grown to be t	This This is something that has to be checked out asap. Your age, fatigue, anorexia, weight loss, and growth of multiple neck masses raises real concern over the possibility of lymphoma. It is not normal to have these masses in your neck for a year. I would seek the help of an experienced ENT who can obtain a thorough history and exam, and perform fna ( fine needle aspiration) on the dominant neck mass. It should be sent for c & s, cytopathology, and flow-cytometry. Depending on the results, you may require open biopsy ( these are probably enlarging lymph nodes) for further characterization. If the doctor can't do this in the office, you can be sent to interventional radiology for ultrasound-guided fna. You are not wasting anybody's time you must be seen. Wishing you the best.
719907	I have dandruff on my scalp. I tried head and shoulders anti dandruff shampoo. But did not help me. Im having acne too cuz of it. What should I do?	Meet with dermatolog You should meet and discuss your problems with a dermatologist.
6705577	I believe I have myocarditis. I have been known to suffer from anxiety but I have had palpitations that reccur every so often also coughing because I feel mucus. I have periods of being fatigued and am not willing to get up from bed every morning.	Symptoms your symptoms are more likely to be due to other things than myocarditis. See your doctor to be evaluated and be sure to get an explanation of what the doc believes the problem is and how to treat it.
1546304	Abnormal urine epithelial cell large number of urine bacteria hyaline cast high & mixed flora of 3 oraganisms. What does this mean?	Contaminated specime The urine was clearly not collected using a clean midstream catch and is contaminated with vaginal secretions. A UTI with more than a single organism is a rarity and would have to be further evaluated by experts. Disregard these results, they mean nothing.
1487571	I am 29/m,  My MRI scan says I have a wedge compression fracture at L1 and L3-L4=12MM L4-L5=12MM. Rest all 13mm. Can I be able to take up sports?	L1 compression fracture. ...discuss this with your doctor. Make sure you know the cause. (trauma, infection, metabolic bone disease-low calcium or vitamin D etc) If you have pain this could limit your activities. You should try to stay active. Swimming might be good. I'd certainly avoid outdoor ice hockey, ice fishing, bob sledding or other activities that would take you thousands of miles from your doctor !
1596015	Could panic attack/anxiety/stress alone cause a raise in blood pressure along with fast irregular heartbeat (between 100-130)? (it actually feel like normal fast heartbeats but with extra beat in between)Had tests cleared already (echo, stress test, ekg,	Panick Atacks A Panic attack can be so severe that patients will swear that they are having a heart attack. Palpitations and chest pain are common. Then they have multiple results coming back normal. So yes it can definitely raise BP and Heart Rate
1356922	Had vacuum breast biopsy 3 months ago and area near biopsy site feels firm still. Not rock hard but almost like a little lump. Biopsy was benign breast tissue. What could be causing that firmness?	Post biopsy lump Could be residual hematoma from the biopsy. Also scar formation or oil cyst formation/ fat necrosis. All of these are benign processes, but best to follow up with your doctor so he/she can assess the site
1597766	Bump the size of a thumbprint in the crease at leg/vagina. I thought it was a pimple, but it has been 1 week and hurts bad when squeezed!! No colour ?	Don't Ever squeeze these things! They can become infected. Apply warm compresses several times a day to help it resolve. It could be an ingrown hair or an inclusion cyst which is like a pimple.
1593226	Hello, so I've been feeling strong pregnancy symptoms, I have 11 days until my period is due, I have sore boobs and nipples with blue veins on breasts?	Relax, wait see if you miss your period then if late do a pregnancy test.
1201730	Itchy scaly rash scalp & side of breasts, severe chest pain- occasional stabbing pain left & center, pain left arm blood tests, EKG chest X-ray normal?	Shingles? An itchy and painful rash can be suggestive for shingles. Otherwise seek a dermatologist to look at this further.
920701	6/18 iron 23, rbc, wbc, mcv, mch, mchc, RDW normal. Poor eating and menstrual before 6/18 . 8/22 iron 117, rbc, wbc, mcv, mch, normal but RDW high 15.7  (12.3-15.4) & mchc low 30.4  (31.5 -35.7) ?	Continue iron Although your total serum iron is improving (now at the lower level of the normal range for a woman), you still have some anemic parameters, which the red blood cell distribution width (RDW) and mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) both support. There may be reasons for this, such as thalassemia, but since these were normal on 6/18, it is likely still due to low levels of iron.
920702	Boobs sore as if i pulled a muscle, cramps on one side of pelvis for 4 days. Period to come in a week an a half?	Mittleschmerz Usually, ovulation occurs 14days prior to the onset of your cycle. Your pain in the left lower quadrant may mean you felt your ovulation or had a cyst rupture. The hormone shift from estrogen to Progesterone may be responsible for the breast pain. If the pain in the pelvis is severe see your obgyn or er doctor to confirm nothing more serious. May be worthwhile to get a preg test as well.
1357032	Im 4 weeks post op on my elbow. I'm getting pins ,needles & stabbing  in my elbow and hand. Is that normal? (Ulnar nerve decompression)	Post op elbow pain Talk to the orthopedic surgeon who did your surgery about any post op pains you are having.
6679844	I'm confused because I keep being told panic attacks and anxiety can't do anything to me but other doctors say that it can cause broken heart syndrome?	Neither. Neither causes broken heart syndrome because there is no such clinical diagnosis. Panic Attacks and General Anxiety are both miserable to experience and often respond well to medications and therapy.
6764756	Swollen, red, numb and itchy feeling in elbow?	Exam needed This should be examined by a physician for diagnosis and treatment especially in view of swelling and redness which are often signs of infection(cellulitis). Another possibility is a swollen bursa which can also be infected.
217901	Dr. Says hard lump mid. Of arm above elbow to the right feels like swollen lymph node. Doesn't think cancer, wants sonogram. Wht else could it be?	Cyst Depends on size, age and absence of trauma.
1183929	72mg/l urine protein then came back 60mg/l (not 24hr sample) gp says it is normal to have protein also refusing to do a 24hr collection or ultrasound!	He's right Some protein is normal in the urine. It comes from the tubules, bladder, and very little from the glomerulus which is the part you may be worried about. Just do a protein to creatinine ratio. No need for 24 hr urine collection.
637432	I have had ringing in both my ears.  Ent found no wax, no hearing loss. Noise is louder now and disturbing. Please help.
Ty?	Tinnitus Ringing in the ear or tinnitus. Looks like you have already seen an ENT doctor, he/ she should have told you the remedy for this. If no correctable cause can be found, ENT or audiologist may help you to try for a masking device. Seek help.
893402	Is it true that removal of pubic hair with wax cause skin in that area to prolapse?	Hair removal I've never heard of such effect of wax on the skin in the process of hair removal.
339082	My boyfriend has been tested for everything. Allergies. Scabies. Everything. But he has a constant itching with no rash. Now i'm itchy. Please help.?	Contact dermatitis? Already outlined my response earlier, but doubt that this is scabies. Have either of you been exposed to hepatitis? Have you experienced tenderness in the right upper quadrant of your abdomen? Itching can be an early sign of elevated levels of bilirubin due to hepatitis.
6650251	I been having knots under my arm for 4 years that wnt go away an now i got this tender spot wth a red soft like bump but it looks n feel like meat?	Infected cyst The skin under the arm pit is prone to many infectious processes if not kept clean and shaven. Hidradenitis of infected hair follicles and infected sebaceous cytst are very common. If not resolving they should be treated with antibiotics, warm soaks and excision if necessary.
6650250	Hi so I've been suffering acne for awhile now they go away but it leaves a red mark how do I get rid of them ?	Time Red marks are a sign of immaturity in a scar. Wait, wait, wait and then be patient. All red marks will generally return to normal skin color with time (6 months to 1 year).
6774962	Have had normal ekgs, echo, stress test, chest xray, troponin and d dimer but still have left sided chest pain, fast hr. Could it still be my heart?	Doubtful The cardiac conditions have been sought. .. Now you need to look into non cardiac conditions. Like- you are 28. Unless you smoke, have diabetes, are morbidly obese with a strong family history, why are you STRESSing about the heart? Could anxiety issues be a factor?
6660045	There is a vibrating sensation in my lower abdomen that came on suddenly. No change in appetite, no nausea, no vomiting. I'm not currently on my period and I am not pregnant. What could it be?	Lots possible... ...Unless you're pregnant (& you are well advised to check, just to be sure). You may be describing intermittent movement of air through the gut, which some interprete as abdominal "vibrations" or "fluttering" sensations. Of course, there are easy lab and imaging tests your doctor can perform to rule out inflammatory conditions or other medical issues of concern that present similarly.
1222809	Jaw pain, headache and ear pain and pressure? Also have painless lumps under chin and jaw not sure if related? No fever. Pain relievers not helping	ENT doc Sounds like TMJ except for the lumps. See an ENT doc to assess the lumps. If negative, See a TMJ expert. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
6680846	Day 1,my whole body was in pain, and I had chills, and sneezed. 2nd day I had throat pain, cough, thickening bloody mucus, no runny nose. Please help!	Flu symptoms Rest and drink extra fluids. Use Tylenol or Advil. Follow up with your doctor or urgent care if you are not better or feeling worse. All the best.
1461171	I have a pea-sized breast lump age 28, potential cancer risk?	Risk is VERY low! Any breast lump can be benign or cancerous. Important things are: has it grown, changed, gotten harder, deformed, dimpled the skin, made the skin over it red or swollen, or become associated with lumps in your armpit? At age 28, the chance of a lump being cancer is about 1/10,000 -- which is NOT zero. Please see a breast specialist for an exam, and likely an ultrasound. Good luck to you!
483776	Been off antibiotics for 3 weeks now, had a bad sinus infection. Still get a slight headache and eyes hurt.Is this  healing process of a bad infection?	Could be allergies Persistent symptoms after antibiotic treatment could be: 1. Persistent infection - perhaps the antibiotic wasn't effective 2. Persistent allergies which may have caused the infection in the first place 3. Persistent congestion as the inflammation of the infection clears. 4. None of the above. Perhaps you didn't have sinusitis and the headache is due to another cause. I recommend you get checked.
238716	Tested. Postive for HPV  july 2010.. I've had 2 normal paps since then but I have warts on hands feet and knees could my body have cleared the virus	No Hpv can be dormant but never cleared.
1461175	Could rubella IgM be positive in early pregnancy?	Only if Infected Rubella IgM indicates recent infection. Rubella IgG indicates old infection. If your IgM is elvated you need to discuss this with your OB/GYN ASAP.
388007	I have a rash on my abdomen area. They are circles and are itchy i've had them for about 6 days and benydril and hydrocortisone aren't helping	Do Do they come and go or do they not change? That is an important factor. Advise seeing your md, or an allergist or dermatologist.
863050	Masterbating alot=testicles sore?Theyre higher than usual too.No sharp pain or sideways.Ache when sit.Pink bump on scrotum for few days, now gone. ?	Doubt you Have a problem, but take it easy on your friends for a while. They need to last the rest of your life, so don't wear them out early. Check your warranty for more details.
6680339	Hello, my beta hcg levels show 75000 but only a gestational and yolk sac is seen on sonogram. My gestational sac is measuring about 7 weeks...	Blighted ovum At 7 weeks an ultrasound should show a fetus. The finding of only a gestational sac and yolk sac is unusual at the least and may suggest a blighted ovum. To be sure, most would recommend a follow up in a few days before discussing terminating the pregnancy. Hope this helps and all goes well.
774117	I have seasonal allergy and taking allegra d 24 hour. My blood pressure is gone up. Can the drug be the cause? Will my BP go down when i stop?	The D in your meds Is sudafed which is a stimulant, thus it can raise the blood pressure. Once u stop taking the meds, the BP should normalize. Consider switching to plain Allegra , Claritin or zyrtec which have minimal effect on bp. Take care!
399388	How often should I receive a mammogram I am 29 years old. I have had a knot in my right breast since 2007, my dr says it is caused of caffine but it gets sore sometimes the first knot i had i had it removed it came back non cancer and no cancer cells wher	The The "knot" you described in your breast sounds like a cyst, which can increase in size if you consume a lot of caffeine. These cysts often tend to hurt right before your period. As far as breast cancer screening goes, for women who have a first degree relative (your mother in this case) with breast cancer, then screening for them would start ten years before the age your mother was when she was diagnosed. For instance if your mother was diagnosed at age 40, your screening would start at age 30. If your doctor is not following this protocol, then you should seek another opinion. All the best.
1251060	Hi doctor, I have a very red and itchy skin and burns all the time. Cant use any facial creams. Please help?	Vitamin E ; Itching Vitaman e directly on the skin can nourish it. You can get a bottle of it in the drug store. It's inexpensive and worth a try; just be patient. Make sure you have no open wounds when applying. Also, taking vitamin B12 is good. Please us the sublingual, under the tongue, type. Peace and good health.
323800	I hear a sound in my ear when i'm swallowing. I also can make the sound everytime i want. The sound somehow like "click" sound. Is it normal?	Normal The sound is likely normal and is related to increase pressure of the oropharynx during swallowing and opening/closing of the tube which connects the inner ear to your oropharynx. If you develop other symptoms, call your regular doctor.
355999	I have red spots on top of feet. Thought it was a rash. Had it for about 2 years. Sometimes goes away then comes back. Please advise.?	See a doctor If they've been there that long, you should see a podiatrist or dermatologist. It could be dermatitis, a fungal infection, an allergic reaction, or circulation related. The doctor will be able to tell the difference.
790831	Is sore breast 4 DPO amd cramping 3dbp a sign of pregnancy?	Possibly There are all sorts of symptoms that women can have during early pregnancy due to the surging of hormones that occurs from placental production. All of these symptoms can also be seen during a normal menstrual cycle so the definite determination of whether there is an early pregnancy is from doing a pregnancy test.
1551826	My L cheek feels numb, L thigh feels numb, cold feeling in feet. Burning in neck area. Pressure in head. Ct scan(head) ok, blood work ok. What is it?	See neurologist It is good that there is nothing on CT or your initial lab work, but further workup may be needed. See a neurologist as soon as possible! Avoid alcohol, rec. drugs. Also avoid over the counter drugs and supplements for now unless okayed by doc. Good luck and let us know what you find out please!
222921	Breast cancer research suggests some new treatments work. How do I find right doctor?	Nat'l societies If you are looking for a surgeon - go online to the society of surgical oncology or the american society of breast surgeons website. That is a good place to start. Medical oncology and radiation oncology have their own national societies, as well. The bottom line - after you find someone online or by referrral - make sure that you feel comfortable with him/her as your doc.
1367576	Knee cartilage deterioration, moderate narrowing, small joint effusion, periarticular spur fluid; MRI clear yet terrible pain. what can be done now?	Knee pain sounds like there is some arthritic changes--and I suspect MRI has ruled out meniscal tear. If not responding to high dose nsaids ie aleve or Ibuprofen and rest--to orthopedics and may need a procedure
345982	Antibiotics didn't work 3 days later my sore throat and swollen lymph nodes are back. Its been 3 weeks. Now I have a new dry night cough. Ideas?	Sure If the antibiotics did not help, then your symptoms are most likely due to a viral illness. You should see your doctor, and discuss the possibility of mono.
301687	I sneeze a lot; itchy, watery eyes, running nose...I get these when i eat banana, grapes, curd, indian pickles, coke.
Is there permanent cure for this?	Sounds like You are allergic to the items or something in the items. See an allergist and get tested and ask what the new treatments are; there is one now for peanut allergy.
1532686	I have been taking dianette for 4 weeks and my right leg feels numb when I relax and feels like pins and needles, is this a sign of a possible clot?	Unlikely Signs of clot include pain, swelling, discoloration. Pins and needles suggests nerve irritation. If present for 4 weeks, need medical evaluation. EMG/NCS study (your doctor will know what this is) might be helpful if symptoms present for 4 weeks or more. Hope this was helpful. Best of luck. Dr R
1263427	Hard lump not painful at all middle belly above belly button not hernia ...History 2 biopsy and pre cancer cells removed also told I have endometriosi?	Common cause Of a mass above the umbilicus in a young women is endometriosis. However, there are many other causes of this symptom such as abdominal desmoid or benign inclusion cysts. Please have it checked by your doctor to know for sure what the cause may be.
1318061	What pain killer gets rid of severe headaches tied to menstruation, PMS? Nothing works. Tried Ibuprofen, Tylenol, aspirin, naproxen atdiff. times  Ideas?	Menstrual migraines See a neurologist. triptans or Fioricet may work. If frequency is more than 4 days a month then prophylactic medications will help.
1517547	I've had loose stool for a a few months now -- not diarrhea but not totally formed. It's only once a day and abdominal pain.Just had baby. IBS?	Sound like it it sound like IBS are you taking any anti spastic medication? It might help go and see your doctor there is a solution to your problem adjust your diet and eat yogurt and Banana stay away from creamy greasy rich food
1100372	Lump in vag feel it when i get to second knuckle joint on index finger and pressure and tenderness where my left ovary is i think. Periods late?	Key be cervix If your period is late get a pregnancy test. At the top of your vagina is your cervix which will feel like a lump so that may be all it is. Tender ovary less likely from pregnancy. At any rate a gyn exam is in order.
661825	Observe svt. Syncope, hr rest 90-120 bpm, r on t PVC and pac. Ft4 0.75 (0.71-1.85), echo normal, negative tilt table test. What else do I need to do?	See cardiology See a cardiologist and discuss with them, there may or may not be a simple solution. Preferable to see eps cardiologist or electrophysiologist who's expertise is electrical activity and rhythms of the heart.
258551	I have a hard bump on my vagina. It hurt so I put a hot towel on it, squeezed it and puss and thin blood came out. It went down but it's still there and it itches sometimes. It's on top of the vagina were the pubic hair is.	Infected gland There are numerous glands at the vaginal entrance. These glands secrete fluid that helps lubricate the vagina. Sometimes the openings of these glands become obstructed, causing fluid to back up into the gland. At times, the fluid within the cyst may become infected. See your doctor to get it drained if needed and treated.
736210	Can someone tell me how long will i be on crutches after arthroscopic knee surgery?	2-3 days From personal experience probably 2-3 days for an uncomplicated meniscal tear. For a more complicated repair, it depends on the extent on the problem.
1063361	If i buy vitamin B12 supplements and vitamin E supplements. Will it increase my energy and brain power?	It depends... If you are deficient in B12 it will improve energy and can improve brain function. If you are not deficient (levels below 500) it won't help. Vit e is useful as a preventive measure but generally does not give energy or brain power. It would be ideal to consult with a holistic doc to assess the reasons you might lack energy or brain power so you can address the specific causes.
6712699	I had trigger thumb and carpal tunnel surgery on March 17, 2015. I still have numbness,tingling, tightness,sensitivity,is this normal ?	Track down reason You may still have problems at transverse carpal ligament, or even some early post-operative scarring. Consider that there may be additional nerve compression at another location in your arm. Get an EMG and this should tell what is the problem.
181903	My breast usually become sore a week before my period and now a week after my period they are sore. I did have unprotected sex. Could I be pregnant?	Breast Ept testing would help.
6629144	Female; 21; sharp pain in nipples, not breasts just nipples. Also no period in 5 months? No pregnancy, not on birth control, not sexually active.	See your doctor... Your symptoms warrant an evaluation by your physician. They would confirm that you are not pregnant (if you have never been sexually active that is an obvious however, in your information you have pregnancy documented as "doesn't know" so it sounds like maybe you think it may be possible? In addition, hormone levels would likely be tested to see if underlying cause for cycle abnormalities.
1261151	Plz please help me, now i'm 5months pregnant everything fine, CMV is tested before and now, same results(cmv IgG +ve, IgM -ve) can I breastfeed after birth?	Yes Those CMV titers are those of past infection, not active infection. There are no issues here.
6644833	Sore breasts, huge appetite, tired, small stomach cramps. Last "period" was 4 days light blood. Never had a 4 day period and neve light could be preg?	Since the light bleeding you experienced may or may not be a period - would go ahead and take a home pregnancy test to know one way or another. Take care.
647378	Is it true that breast lump or tumor have been in your breast for a year or two and a mammogram can see them?	Yes. A breast lump can be seen as small as 3 or 4 mm in a fatty breast , but may be larger before it is discovered in a dense breast, as most breast lumps of concern are of similar density to glandular tissue. The benefit of a mammogram is to find a cancer prior to it becoming palpable to you or your doctor.
6644388	I had a colon resection 1 ago (2' removed) I have put on 30 pds @ Im either constipated or have loose pencil like stool, gas bloating ?	How much do you eat? The amount of weight is a factor of eating and exercise. The alteration in stool consistency needs to be treated. This could be helped by such things as fiber and water. Metamucil or miralax may help. See your GI doctor and get help in this regard.
6703743	Hi i have had an itch at the tip of my penis and urethra. I feel the itchy during urination and while not I have tested for neg for std and infections?	Yeast nit considered an STD but it responds to Lotrisone
960768	My head hurts, i feel ver light headed and dizzy, faint at times, the right side of my chest feels heavy and is pulsating while also skipping a beat.	Go to ER Your complains are best addressed with a physician in person, the symptoms you are describing could indicate heart disease, go to your physician or to the nearest er.
6765085	Repeated nose bleeds. Went 2 doc 
nothing wrong. Today during nose bleed a large clot of blood came out of nostril.  Not mucus. shld I be concerned
 ?	Epistaxis 80% of people experience this in their lives. A common cause is dry, hot air in the western US, causing nasal dryness and crusting. The nasal tissue cracks and bleeds easily. Treatment includes humidification in bedroom, nasal saline sprays & sometimes vaseline in the nose. It's not a major health hazard, but should an ENT doctor who can better evaluate. There may be problems not seen by PCM.
1524486	Can sciatica cause a cold spot on one leg and foot?  i have pain in one leg, buttocks and lower back. walking used to help but now hurts my hip.	Yes, it can Impingement of the S1 nerve can lead to weakness and erratic nerve pain down one leg. The interventional pain management involves special procedures to treat and manage nerve impingement pain. Ask your PCP for the specialist referral.
691108	Added 10 mg nortriptyline (nummular headache) to 50 mg trazodone (insomnia) with 60 mg cymbalta (migraine). Felt dizzy, drugged & weak so stopped trazodone. Feel better, but can't sleep. What to do?	See a Doctor. Having stopped trazodone just like that will affect your sleep. I recommend to try increase nortriptyline to 20 mg and see if it helps you sleep better.
1140460	Is it possible a blood clot would cause pain in both legs and/or both knee caps that warm to the touch?	Possibly Your description is not the usual presentation for a blood clot. But there is no way to make a diagnosis without an exam. Blood clots can have unusual presentations. If you are experiencing pain in you legs, call your family doctor and discuss the situation with him.
550879	My wife's been having intense vaginal itching with a mucus  discharge resulting in bright red rash/bumps. No luck w/ OTC yeast infection treatment.	Go see a doctor Please have see a physician that deals with that area, her gynecologist. If she does nt have one then she should go to her primary care physician to have her examined, and possible cultures taken from the area to determine if is an irritation, or an infection.
819160	Is it normal for black and blue on the palm of your hand and wrist post carpal tunnel surgery.  It's been 5 days. ?	Yes It's blood under the skin. It might take a while to go away.
1549307	Will the podaitrist remove the rest of my toenail if I go back post 1 year surgery with continous pain when phenol was applied before on previous ?	Not necessarily Phenol can be used to destroy a portion of a nail bed so it won't grow back. It is often used in a patient with a recurrent ingrown toe nail. If it did not work, there are other options to try to ablate just a part of the nail instead of the whole nail including manually doing it.
1545485	Late for period,  had cramps,  took morning after pill and 2 days later still cramping sick to my stomach, dizzy,  not pregnant,  took 2 tests.	Emergency Contracep Potential Side effects w emergency contraception include menstrual flow changes (spotting, bleeding, early or late period). Take pregnancy test & notify Dr if your period is 7 or > days late.
6779640	What causes temporary vision loss in one eye for a few seconds- no longer than 1 minute. History of pulsatile tinnitus, daily headaches, double vision?	As previously stated I do believe I answered this question because I remember seeing your smiling picture. ....if that's you sending the question from "down under!" LOL You describe symptoms seen in patients with IIH (Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension). But please, don't keep us in suspense. Let's have an appointment and get more information? www.healthtap.com/drsaghafi Use Key Code: PDXFNR to make appointment
1549650	I have low c3, high c4, high cpk, high ana, muscle pain and weakness and bad fatigue.  1 Dr. said Lupus. 1 Dr. say MS. 1 Dr said Lymes????	Frustrating and Confusing. Hope all the doctors have accurate information. The labs and the history are suggestive but not diagnostic of any. Criteria for lupus is well estabilished. Doublle atranded DNA is more diagnostic of SLE
613052	I need a opinion i had knee surgery 1 year ago for plica resection I am still having a lot of pain what could it be? Was told no arthrtis	Plica Consider scar, synovitis, new tears of meniscal tissues, patellar maltracking, continued plica impingement. Check with your orthopedic surgeon.
490340	Been to ER 3x, 3 neg hpt, 6 weeks past period, nauseated, cramping, fuller breast, white discharge, had 1 Depo-Provera in july, period in oct & none since then?	Maybe Yes you could be pregnant. Did you have a pregnancy test ?
1550131	Mole accidentally scratched off 18 months ago.  Now just scar.   If it was a melanoma would something have regrown on skin by now   ?	Not necessarily but you should be seen by a dermatologist just in case
1549659	My period was due 3 days later, but it is bright red blood and has some clots, and isn't too heavy, i had sex 5 days ago, is it implantation bleeding?	Implantation bleed Implantation bleeding is much more common on the internet than in real life. It occurs rarely and exclusively in someone who is pregnant. The only way to know if someone had implantation bleeding or just irregular menstrual bleeding is to wait and see if you are pregnant. If your test is positive then this was implantation bleeding. If it is negative then it is just irregular menstrual bleeding.
1517050	Its Been 2 Wks Since Having Unprotected Sex. Just Started Experiencing Fatigue, Sore Breast, And Nausea. Could These Be Symptoms Of Pregnancy.?	Maybe - but why guess about it. You can take a pregnancy test now using a first morning void. Take care.
72421	I've had a nonproductive dry cough for 2 mos w/o a sore throat or fever.Lymph nodes are swollen aswell as blood vessels under tongue. Cause for concern?	Yes Any cough over 2 months is concerning , see your md.
1160173	Normal mammogram 1 year ago. All normal mammograms. No family history of cancer. What are chances of getting breast cancer?	The National Cancer Institute has an interactive breast cancer risk assessment tool at http://www. cancer.gov/bcrisktool/
946077	What causes a vibrating, pounding sensation in legs when lie down.  Also have slightly swollen ankles and leg muscle cramps.  Ty?	Vascular problem This sounds like a vascular problem. You need to get noninvasive vascular arterial and venous testing on your legs.
1227655	If I have pernicious anemia (intrinsic factor antibody), what happens if i skip monthly vitamin B12 injection?	B22 deficiency You will go back to square one to the symptoms which initiated the search for the cause.
326159	Link between skin cancer and moles/freckles?	Link but uncommon There are some rare genetic disorders where people have lots of moles or freckles and are more likely to develop skin cancer. However for most people the moles and freckles themselves do not increase their risk of getting a skin cancer, as other factors like sun exposure and sun sensitivity are more important.
1371779	About 5 months ago had surgery to remove ovarian cysts. Now uterus seems to have moved forward and to left causes a bit of pain sometimes. Any advice?	Discuss with surgeon In general it is always best to discuss postoperative symptoms with the doctor who performed the surgery as only they know what was found and what was done. They are the individuals best able to put together the whole picture of symptoms and cause.
1249889	My wife's periods are delayed by 9 days. We did hCG tests (blood and urine) it was all negative. Should we still worry about an unplanned pregnancy ?	Unlikely The only confounding factor would be if you conceived too recently for the tests to show up. Pregnancy test are accurate about two weeks after conception. If it has been at least that long since your last unprotected sex, and you still don't have a positive test, then there are likely other reasons for a late period.
1249888	So I have Crohn's and whenever i get vicodin i get super nauseous and dizzy and a headache and itchy? Is this from crohns?	Opioid "allergy" Is common, most often symptoms are nausea, vomiting, itching, hypotension and constipation. Opioids may have side effects that mimic immune reactions, not a real a real allergic reaction. Rec.: see your treating physician for evaluation and medication adjustment.
1250222	I have  numbness in both upper outer thighs after laparoscopic umbilical hernia surgery.Right thigh can feel the nerve "tingle" walking.6 days post op?	Give it time Looks like a pressure on those nerves, might be from being on the operating table, so give it couple of weeks. If it continues see your pcp he migh order an mri.
6667074	Hi Doc. goodmorning.. I have a question I hope you can help me.. I underwent 2 acl reconstruction both right knee and now my knee is in pain again.	Recurrent knee pain This is not a question it is a statement. I assume the question is why does it hurt again. Much more information needed to answer this. New injury? History of other injury at time of ACL tear? Where does it hurt? What causes it to hurt? What makes it better? Any swelling? Etc.
6789123	Last time I had flu, I had mild sore throat before fever & other symptoms appeared. I have a mild sore throat now, could it be the flu?	Possible it is possible but it could be many other things even besides an infection, like allergies and post nasal drip or heartburn. I wouldn't race to a doctor, see how things go, if fever follows or worsen see a doctor.
6786617	The back of my head is tight and it feels heavy and when I get up I get dizzy and it hurts worse. what should I do?	Don't get up... First see a doctor to rule out a serious or life threatening cause of dizziness. At young age it is likely not but would need a complete history & physical.. With an assumption that has been ruled out, this sounds like benign/peripheral vertigo in which case, bed rest x 2 days, increase hydration, and an antihistamine (meclizine), & Tylenol. Also try self Epley and Semont maneuvers for vertigo.
1236541	Tender lump under ear(was a swollen lymph node and now feels more like a hard lump) and small lump (swollen lymph node?) by collarbone. Should i worry	Parotid tumor Check with your pcp he might refer you to a surgeon, ent, or might order ct scan to identify the parotid gland and the lymph nodes enlargement.
1376975	Sore boobs, one nipple darker, stomach cramp, pubic/back ache, runny nose, watery discharge - mainly afternoon, need wee more, period in 4days -cause?	Strange You should see your doctor. Laboratory tests are in order.. . you could be pregnant
537098	I was on the Depo-Provera shot for about 4 years. I discontinued about a year ago. I recently got my period. Now I have heavy bleeding, severe cramps and vomiting. Is this normal?	Not normal You should see your doctor for a pregnancy test and pelvic exam. What contraception are you using now?
6631548	Up & down fever 5 days(normal w/ Tylenol but spikes to 102-103)cough,headache,slight sore throat,stuffy nose.feel alot better today but 99.7 on day 5?	Influenza There is a Flu Epidemic in US. The Flu shot is only partially effective this season! See your primary care doctor.
1190266	Feeling dizzy, brain fog, lightheaded, tired for 8 months. It's worse soon as i eat, and in bed first thing in morning. Blood tests normal. Any ideas?	Rule out these Cbc, and routine chemistries normal, right? If chronic fatigue syndrome is real, i'm told if you fight it very hard it goes away. Rule out thyroid disease, multiple sclerosis, bad living situation, early lupus / myasthenia gravis, lyme disease, porphyria, early B12 deficiency, sleep apnea, parasomnia / restless legs. Get a syphilis and HIV check.
1288374	Normal echo cardiac , ECG , cardiac blood test includes all cardiac enzymes , ett , pft , cbc. But sudden pain in chest , cold sweating , fainting.	Fainting cold sweat Consider neurocardiogenic (vasovagal) syncope work up. If all is negative consider endocrine or neurology (unlikely cause) work up.
1013819	I have stomach pain, fatique, heart burn, nausea, and bloating? What can it be if my pregnancy test showed negative?	Stomach pain There are many possibilities. You could have an ulcer or infection, or gall bladder and liver problems. You need to see your doctor for help.
749012	Told I have epididymitis because of chlamydia but doc did only testicle check no urine tests does that seem right? I have sore testie and lump	Most need more tests Usually a lab test like gram stain and culture can be done from a urethral swab and nucleic acid amplification - dna probe can be done to check for which organism has caused the infection. If your symptoms haven't improved on any treatment, it would be best to have these tests done.
6691103	Hey all. Got a sore, red, swollen gum on the left side. No tooth pain or discomfort. Have sinus issues though. Could a sinus infection cause it?	Probably not Your sinuses do not communicate with gum tissue around your teeth. You may have an infection that is draining, therefore no pain (no internal pressure). Please see a local dentist for evaluation.
1529500	No cough but salty phlem. Certain positions when I breath deep hurts left side of back. Sometimes I'm short of breath. Chest pain ongoing for year. ?	Chronic chest pain This should warrant a thorough detailed evaluation by your primary care physician. It may be costochondritis (pain due to inflammation of the tissues connecting the ribs) but this should not produce shortness of breath. Please see your doctor and follow their directions.
6649928	I am experiencing a lot of symptoms that I'm not sure are related. I'm having itching in my vagina, a migraine, nausea, stomach ache & fatigue.  ?	See your PCP These are separate medical conditions require separate treatment and should be diagnosed separately. See you PCP for evaluation and tests.
396650	Remedies for ear ache my daughter is sick with sore throat and fever last night then today her ear has shooting pain. When she was little she was prone to several ear infections and her ear drum has busted	She She needs a visit with her doctor in order to make sure she does not have an ear infection at present. If so then she will likely need antibiotics unless the doctor feels it is viral. There are also medicated ear drops that her doctor can prescribe to help alleviate the pain. Also tylenol or Motrin can be used. I hope she is better soon.
807034	If my knee cap is slanting outward does that mean my inner or outer thigh muscles might possibly be weak?	The inner muscles, Known as the vmo are weak or are under developed.
842919	I definitely have Fordyce spots on upper lip but recently discovered a painless, raised red bump by itself. I have been sexually active..Any thoughts?	See a dermatologist Fordyce spots are harmless & usually visible only when you stretch the skin tight. A red bump may be acne. Is there a blister, ulcer, or scab? If it persists more than a few days you need to present to a specialist who is able to identify it.
571509	I just got over cellulitis and now my ankle and foot swelled but are not red and don't hurt. The cellulitis was in my leg, from knee to ankle. Help!	Lymphedema Swelling is a sign of not having good lymph drainage - it is a indication you have interference field. Usual cause is a previous scar or trauma in midline (if female episiotomy, csection). You improve lymphatics need lymph massage, mud packing of scars, complex de-congestive therapy with 4 layer wrap.
881177	Period 8 dys late,  took home pregnancy test it was neg. On day 9 my period came on for only 3d not normal but still cramping and sore breast?	Question? You didn't really ask a question. It sounds like you just had a period a few days later than usual. Thus is very common. Birth control is great at regulating cycles.
772618	I fell and twisted my knee, which has been hurting since. Now my lower leg and foot are swollen. What could be causing this, and how do I treat it?	Consult an Orthopedist. A clot may need to be ruled out.
1536769	I have severe sinus pressure/pain/congestion. What can I do to take care of it? Phenylephrine hci 10mg?	Sinus pain/Pressure Greetings. The first thing I recommend would be 800 mg of ibuprofen 3x/day with food. Add Afrin nasal spray 2x/day for 5 days with the OTC decongestant. This should make you feel better quickly. See your doctor if the symptoms worsen or a fever develops. An antibiotic may be needed.
1320824	Had depo-provera in jan=constant bleeding for 8 weeks so cycle out of sink! Now nipples tingle,nausea,cramps&dizzy. Preg test negative. What's wrong?	Consider I would consider another option for you, other than the Depo-Provera. The Depo-Provera is a very very high dose of progesterone. Some women have only mild side effects but other women have major side effects. The ones you describe sound major. Consider talking to your doctor about other options. Good luck.
351642	On day 4 of 7 days bactrim & Flagyl for diarrhea & ati.  Have developed severe headaches and nausea. No rash.  Could i be safely switched to other med	Likely flagyl Stop it...What exactly being treated with it?
1295185	What can I take for headaches, if I am allergic to ibuprofen, aspirin, tylenol, acetominophen and penicilin?	Headaches Go see a doctor for an evaluation. You may need a prescription.
757938	I have an itchy red rash in + around both ears, has spread to hairline/neck, and now have small pea size lump behind ear, what could this be?	Rash The small lump may just be a swollen lymph nodes. But a more specific answer probably requires a dermatologist to look at the rash. Does not sound like a contact dermatitis.
6751232	I have an itchy welt like rash on neck, eyes, elbows, pelvis and legs. Now developing bruise like soreness at the base of both palms.

?	This is unusual Leah, you really need to see a clinician both to get relief from the symptoms and find the cause. You can take over the counter antihistamines like Benadryl for the itching, but the soreness is strange and could mean it is something more than just an allergy. Good luck!
1482114	Started taking 20mg citalopram for anxiety but it seems to be causing panic attacks.  I've been on it for a week.  Should I talk to doc about stopping?	Panic attacks. Anxiety symptoms can sometimes increase when an SSRI such as Citalopram is first started. Usually this abates (but not always). Let your psychiatrist/ prescribing physician know. Sometimes benzodiazapines are used short-term to help get through this period. Take care.
859170	How to tell if I am the only one who even when taking extra strength tylenol thinks they are weak relative to Aleve or advil?	No Aleve and advil have anti-inflammatory properties while tylenol does not.
1132432	Can low blood pressure & pulse from beta blocker cause heart attack or stroke?	Yes It the blood pressure is too low or the pulse is too low, the answer is yes. You need an adequate opening or closing pressure for the arteries to have blood running.
673702	Hypothyriod or pregnant nausea, heart burn, sore boobs, food aveesion.Heightened sense of smell neg hpt 5 days ago last period 3/1/13-3/6/13 period irregula?	As above U can do home pregnancy test and or see u pcp for evaluation and work up.
1496188	Shin pain. No bruising or injury. No swelling. No heat or redness. Ice and rest help a tiny bit. Roll ankle makes pain unbearable.	Stretch muscles "Shin splint" pain w/ no injury is best treated w/NSAIDs ( ibuprofen), stretching of your lower leg muscles ( w/ theraband) and weight loss. If no improvement consult w/ an orthopaedic surgeon for definitive diagnosis and examination.Lower limb alignment can predispose to shin pain. Other diagnoses(i.e) stress fractures,for instance have to be ruled out. Best of Luck!
1429777	Am I pregnant period lasted two days. normal period 4-5 days every 29 days. Period light and watery discharge. Breast tender from ovalation until now?	Possible infection if you are pregnant you should not have period and you should see your doctor to R/o infection.
1492171	I hurt my knee a week ago and I think it's only a bone bruise bc I can move and bend it. But now it's locking and giving out. Why is this happening?	Meniscal tear? Locking, grinding, giving out with pain may indicate a meniscal tear. Please visit your primary care physician or orthopedic specialist for an examination. Many meniscal tears heal on their own without surgery over time. If not allergic, can take ibuprofen or naproxen OTC for pain. Your ankle sprain will make it easier to reinjure your leg. Please take care. Do you have crutches to use ?
1154551	I have chest discomfort left side on/off for 3 months. I have high blood pressure & started meds today for it. Dr says pain not heart relatedwhat isit?	Pain Lots of possibilities, ask the dr. Who knows you what he/she thinks the. Pain source is.
950718	Can you take loratadine and zyrtec and Benadryl ?	Don't take together All 3 drugs mentioned are antihistamines available w/o prescription. Benadryl (diphenhydramine) is most potent but also most laden w/anticholinergic side effects, eg sedation, dry eyes/mouth, constipation, urinary retention etc. Zyrtec (cetirizine) is more sedating than Claritin (loratadine). Both have less potential side effects than Benadryl but need to find best for you. Don't take together.
1422963	2mnths miss period and period like cramp with thick white creamy discharge and both hCG and hpt negative.. plz what can be wrong. Give birth 8 mnths?	Likely nothing wrong Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
1515321	Lower abdominal pain for 4 months. Cramping and diarrhea and constipation. Green poop the last 2 days. Havent eaten ANYTHING green. Or green dye. Help?	If for so long... If this has been going on for so long my advise would be to see a GI specialist for evaluation and testing. This could be caused by an infection, colitis, among others requiring further evaluation.
1450262	Sore enlarged breast, mild cramps. Nausea. Period was due today but not arrived. Off white slightly pink discharge? When would be best day to test?	Early pregnancy test urine pregnancy tests are now so sensitive that they should turn positive at the time of the anticipated menstrual period - provided you are pregnant.
6794677	Vaginal odor. Tried both prescription previously given for BV &over the counter yeast infection medicine. Neither resolved the smell. What could it be?	Don't know Bacterial vaginosis can cause a fishy smell. Other possibilities include STDs like Gonorrhea, Trichomoniasis & Chlamydia or pelvic inflammatory disease. If there is a retained tampon or a lack of proper vaginal hygiene those are potential causes. Yeast is usually odorless but is still a possibility. If a woman has a fistula or cancer that can also lead to odor. See your doctor if uncertain.
1608338	Extreme sore throat, slight cough, sneezing, and a bit of runny nose. Last time I sneezed there were spots of blood in the phlegm. Should I be worried?	URI It is likely you have viral upper respiratory infection (URI). The symptoms can last about one week and respond to over the counter medications. If the symptoms last longer or new symptoms develop (headache, shortness of breath etc) you should be evaluated by your physician.
6671071	Pencil Thin stools. Very little amount of bright red rectal bleeding. abdominal pain. could it be colon cancer? Im 18 years old. (No cancer in family)	You need an exam although it would be rare in someone your age to have colon cancer, especially without a family history, you should definitely be seen and examined by a qualified colorectal surgeon or GI. .. if you are also having sharp anal pain with BMs you might have something simple like an anal fissure, which can also cause bleeding and (occasionally) pencil thin stools.
6793057	I took 150 mg of flucinazole a week ago tomorrow and got what I thought was a severve stomach virus the day after. No longer vomiting but have bad taste in mouth, nauseous, dizzy and itchy rash on palms. Is this normal?	Not normal It is likely that this was from a drug reaction and not normal. If the problem continues to improve, I'd expect that you will fully recover in another week. If not, see your doctor since it may also be from something else.
358348	I had a hida scan that came back at 74%. Is that too low for a hyperactive gallbladder?  I'm experiencing pain under right rib, nausea, and vomiting	Could be other Among the causes for those symptoms are gallbladder disease (not enough info given to say you have that) as well as gut/stomach issues including ulcers, celiac disease, other. Get checked for other things.
1404881	I was prescribed viibryd 10mg daily and mirtazapine 7.5mg at bedtime daily. Haven't started mirtazapine yet. I'm worried about serotonin syndrome.	Exact risk unknown Vilazodone (Viibryd) is a newer medication that acts as an SSRI (serotonin reuptake inhibitor) and also has additional effects at a serotonin receptor. Mirtazapine increases serotonin and norepinephrine and has antihistamine properties and thus it often helps insomnia. The exact risk of serotonin syndrome with this combination is unknown, but it is not zero. Talk to your MD about options.
1508417	Lighter period no blood clots? Usually heavy with blood clots. Period started with brown discharge for an entire day. Sexually active. 21 years old.	Likely normal There are normal variations in the pattern of menstrual cycles and blood loss. The circumstances you described appear to be a normal variation. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time.
794668	Dull ache in throat last night (1-2 pain) and still there today (0-2) i'm getting over ear infection with antibiotics. What could it be?	URI You have an upper respiratory infection. Take Ibuprofen for relief.
1383061	Urinalysis & culture finally clear, UTI is gone. Now I notice my bladder hurts before i feel the urge to pee, and I have some incontinence. Normal?	Not really Suggest seeing a Urologist and Gynecologist. Having had a pelvic lap u are at increased risk for post surgical complications even if the surgery was years ago .
1179331	Unprotected sex.Last period by 2 days. Lighter than normal lasted 3 days(norm 7) took 2hpt negative.Nausea, tender breast, stringy white discharge?	Pregnancy symptoms Your symptoms could be an early pregnancy or related to not ovulating this cycle. Its always best to confirm things with a serum or blood pregnancy test. That's what i would recommend.
1383063	I'm 27yr old male. I noticed since last 6months i have been loosing lot of hair. My hairs are getting thinner, itchy scalp, and break very easily.	Fungus? Key here is itchy scalp. Makes me think fungal- something called tinea capitis. Hair thinning overall or in distinct patches? Another thought would be underactive thyroid- while more common in females do see in men and thin, breakable hair is one of many symptoms associated with this. A few blood tests should tease it out- then a trial with a medicated shampoo if bloodwork normal.
1089472	Sinus infection, strep throat, earache. On keflex 500 mg for 5 days, woke up this am with red, swollen eyes which are watering too. Exhausted..Help?	Veal Most likely viral syndrome. Continue treatment of other conditions. Hydrate, use artificial tears, and possibly cool compresses to the eyes. See your primary doctor and ophthalmologist.
1362256	What to do if I had back surgery 10 months ago I'm in a lot of pain can you please explain my l4/l5 & l5/s1 MRI report to me?	Spine Pain Options This chronic pain in the distribution as you suggested is the result of an irritated nerve or facet joints or other injury typically in the lumbar spine (low back) which are caused by herniated disks, spinal stenosis or degenerative disc disease, etc requiring further evaluation by a spine specialist and may be candidate for facet injections/radiofrequency ablation and epidural steroid injection.
1121895	Fell on ice landed on elbow. Xrays showed no big break but bruised and was swollen. 10 days since, still can't fully extend arm. How long till healed?	Ortho May want to get another xray. Sometimes occult (hidden) fractures will show up several days later on repeat films. Continue to ice and keep elevated.
1185073	I have stopped taking my birth control for about a week or so and i started bleeding bleeding a little bit. Period far away. Could i be pregnant?	Withdrawal bleeding Unlikely to be pregnant if you had not missed any birth control pills . You are probably having withdrawl bleeding from stopping your pills.
1359296	Tight feeling in chest, breathing feels restricted and heart beat can feel funny. Usually episodes of symptoms only lasting few seconds or minutes?	See cardiologist. "Funny heart beat" can be anything from atrial or ventricular premature contractions. Considering your other symptoms however you should get evaluated by a cardiologist sooner than later and get an accurate diagnosis. Cardiac problems can be very serious and should not ge considered benign till evaluated by a cardiologist.
1011110	Finished meds for chylmadia.  Having on and off pressure in rectum. Still see small red lines on inside of vagina. It itches and burns. What is this.	Please see your gyn Or go back to whomever prescibed the meds u may have a resistant infection, or yeast or other u need evaluation and a re-culture.
1286627	Is small fiber neuropathy of the legs curable? Or how to stop progression?	Prognosis Active pt, passive pt (heat, phonophoresis, iontophoresis), medicated creams, systemic (oral) medications, anesthetic blocks  in that order. Progression can definitely be stopped; very long remissions are possible, but occasional flareups are possible, too.
6716912	I am physio andhave bilateral knee pain for 1 yr with effusion,some loss of articular cartilage in 3T MRI. Can rest for few days relieve symptoms and ?	Not likely We got to address the reason for your knee arthritis. Are you overweight? If so, you got to lose weight. In addition, consider the use of cane for long distances. Stationary bike and aquatic exercises might be better way of exercising. Consider use of Tylenol and NSAID and glucosamine. Consider knee intrarticular steroid or synvisc shot which could buy you some time. If this fails, do replace
1032242	Prostate fluid leakage during bowel movement, what illness could b rather than prostatitis which have these symptoms? Pain in testis&weak urine stream	Normal This is not a disease. Increased pressure during bm will release prostatic fluid. Testis pain and weak urine stream should be evaluated.
799277	Negative for rapid strep test today. Signs of strep are apparent. Mainly a stuffy nose, fever, and sore white throat, not super tired. Mono or strep?	Probably strep Sounds more like strep, rapid strep cultures are only 70% accurate and separate longer test is much advisable along with the rapid, strep patients also sometimes state having the feeling of a golf ball inthere throat which is usually a hallmark sign for the condition, mono patients are usually excessively tired and have swollen cervical lymph nodes or it could very well just be a bad virus.
329229	My wife, age 61, gets dark bruising marks on back of both hands and lower arms quite frequently. Is she deficient in  a vitamin or mineral.?	Blood thinners? If your wife is taking anything that may "thin her blood"like warfarin, aspirin, vitamin e, she may be showing side effects of these agents. Best to check with her physician to make sure.
889351	On may 13 i was told that according to a blood test my hCG levels were 48294. How many weeks was i pregnant then? And when did i conceive?	Can't tell Hcg levels do not correlate directly with gestational age. The best way to assess your gestational age is to get an ultrasound. Accurate measurements on the ultrasound can give you a better assessment of how far along you are.
408736	Can you have athlete's foot without cracked peeling skin? I've had athlete's foot before and it was cracked and peeling skin between my toes. Now I have itchiness and burning between my small toes, but no signs like before. Is this also athlete's foot? Wi	Different Different fungi exhibit different patterns and characteristics. As dr. Fowler suggested, try using an over-the-counter anti-fungal like lotrimin, Lamisil or tinactin, twice a day. If you don't see any improvement in a few days, see a podiatrist or dermatologist, as it might not be a fungus. If you do see an improvement, keep using the cream twice a day for 30 days, since fungal spores live for 30 days. If you keep getting athlete's foot, you might want to keep using an anti-fungal cream once a day for life. There is also something called a steri-shoe, which is an ultraviolet light that will sterilize the insides of your shoes in 40 minutes. If you keep getting reinfected, you might want to invest in that. I've attached a link.
6678725	2 months after my ear infection my hearing is blocked, I have tinnitus and nasal spray didn't work. What should I do?	Ear exam you may be having blocked external ears or Eustachian tubes, or infection hasn't resolved yet, nasal spray alone might not be the right treatment, so better get an ear exam, good luck
660227	I recently done my blood test for liver kidney the as per report AST 63 ALT 76 ggtp 156 alp 214 total bilirubin 1.54 bilirubin direct 0.26 bilirubi1.3?	Workup Your workup might go like this. Stop all alcohol & meds for two weeks. If transaminases ast/alt normal, you have the explanation. If not, bloodwork for hepatitis b, c, hemochromatosis, wilson's, maybe autoimmune hepatitis & antitrypsin. All but antytrypsin are deadly-but-treatable, your life was saved. If still no diagnosis, lifestyle with focus on aerobic fitness may improve numbers & your life.
6705219	I have irregular periods and just about a week my period stop my breast were tender and just had sex  i started spotting clear mucus with blood cramps?	Unclear question Did you miss a period? If you miss one, do a home pregnancy test 5-7 days after the missed period. If it is negative, re do the test in 3-4 days, unless you get a period by then. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time. You may consider implanted contraceptive, or IUD. Practice safe sex.
517806	If a person undergoes deep brain stimulation surgery for Parkinson's disease, are the tremors permanently cured?	Expect Improvement Many patient experience a reduction in the tremors, but don't expect a "cure. " sometimes medications can be decreased, and this can also provide overall improvement (less side effects).
1225717	I have got a very tight chest and pain on breathing,  went to a&e last night who told me it wasn't heart problems any ideas what it may be?	Anxiety Stress, panic, exhaustion. You are holding your stress in your chest so tightly it is causing the muscles there to fatigue and your body is screaming at you to fix this. You need to find a way to manage your anxiety in healthier ways. You do not need the er. This not your heart.
6703899	I was stung by a bee Tuesday evening  on the bottom of my foot.  The swelling &itching is worse, there is a definite line that goes from the sting up	Cellulitis Definite red lines striking up from a wound which is edematous indicate a possible infection and should be evaluated ASAP. See your doc.
567162	Can wisdom teeth lead to dizziness and headaches if not removed? What can relieve it?	No No. Dizziness could be an equilibrium problem. You should have your ears evalauted by an ENT physiciain.
6785317	My 7yo daughter has red bumps filled with pus sparsely spread from her chest to her upper inside thigh. Started over 3 months ago and slowing spreadin?	Pustules May be folliculitis or impetigo. Best to take her to your pediatrician or family medical doctor or dermatologist for an exam. Rashes are difficult to diagnose and treat without exam. Besides infectious causes, there are rare things like pustular psoriasis.
1180776	The lymph node on the left side of my neck is swollen and sore and I have red painful bumps in patches on my scalp on the left side of my head help me?	Likely not related Scalp patches likely not related. After sinus infection ex. Or sore throat (viral, bacterial) lymph nodes may grow. If they persist after a few weeks consider evaluation for ex. Lymphoma.
6793562	Extreme vaginal itching. Tested neg for candida, gardnerella, trichomonas. No contact with new soaps,shampoos,meds etc. No douching. What could it be?	Contact allergy? It is unusual to have a drug reaction confined to the vaginal area. There are other potential causes including allergy to latex condom and semen. See an allergist if this problem persists.
1375660	What causes a momentary sensation of tightness from the collarbone up the neck up to ears followed by sensation of lump in throat? PCP says heart ok?	Look inward It could be any number of things, but if there are no abnormal medical findings and I were a gambling man, I'd bet on anxiety. Next time, think back about what *immediately precedes* this sensation (whether an external event or internal thoughts and feelings) and see if you notice a connection. Try *psychotherapy* (talk therapy aimed at understanding and insight), not just behavior therapy.
1548218	Had carpal tunnel  surgery on both handslast year , and now i have sharp pains up to elbow and tenderness , constantly. ?	Carpal tunnel Hi, the question is why did you have bilateral Carpal Tunnel syndrome? I believe you need a Nerve conduction study and also an MRI of ur cervical spine. consult with ur primary doctor for further evaluation,
929490	Is it common to experience knee pain and have the feeling that your knee is giving out, when you have patellar tendonitis?	Absolutely Knees typically give out for 3 reasons: pain, muscle weakness and instability. The first 2 reasons are likely why you have this sensation.
557357	Coughing, sneezing, sore throat, hoarse voice, dry cough, bad headache, wake up at night coughing and can't fall back asleep and 99.1-99.4 fever?	URI (common cold) Sounds like you're describing an upper respiratory infection or uri. Influenza or flu is accompanied by muscle aches & fever >100. Some describe it as worse cold ever. Strep throat is sore throat w/fever & swollen tonsils w/pus & tender glands w/o cough. Recent study says average duration of cough is 18 days. But if you have any concern for worsening symptoms or shortness of breath, go see doc.
1410933	7 years ago I had a tubal ligation, y last period ended July5 it's July 20 I got it again it's early.  My breast r sore. Could I be preg homtest say n?	?ovarian cyst Most likely you have an ovarian cyst, however, an ectopic pregnancy rarely occurs after a BTL. See a provider if you continue to have problems.
1387102	Dx with mass by uterus but don't think it is a fibroid. Should I be worried by abdominal pain or dizziness? What symptoms SHOULD I worry about?	MD follwup I am sure that your MD is working on the problem with diagnostic studies. therefore, follow up with your MD and ask him/her whether there is cause to worry.
6638082	My daughter has a rash on her chest. Sandpaper feel, itchy, with cough and chest congestion, no fever associated. Although vague, what could this be?	Scarlet fever ? Sandpapery texture suggests scarlet fever - which is strep throat with a rash. But the cough and chest congestion make a viral rash more likely. Scarlet fever usually goes with a red sore throat and red lips and tongue, headache, stomach ache and fever. It's diagnosed with a throat culture. Otherwise, if it's a viral rash, there is not so much you can do.
1168976	Bad/itchy rash that starts under my groin & goes all the round my anus. Its red & can gets really dry. Started last year wen i started track. Help!	Contact allergy? It appears that you have developed a contact allergy to the material used in your sports outfit. Rubber and latex would be the prime suspects. Consider giving your sports shorts an extra rinse with water. Although monilial infection is common in the areas involved, it tends to cause a moist and not dry lesion.
1387105	I have all pregnancy symptoms, 3 negative tests.  My OB said I have ovarian cysts and I had a 2 week period, still feel pregnant, 2 more negative test?	Bleeding sounds like you had a cycle where you didn't ovulate, which would account for the symptoms, cyst and bleeding. If you still don't feel convinced you aren't pregnancy request a blood (serum) pregnancy test instead of doing more urines.
322493	I ruptured my mpfl but my dr says i don't need surgery as I have never dislocated my knee. What else besides pt can I do to get back to 100%?	2nd opinion Difficult to rupture your mpfl without dislocating your patella but i guess anything is possible. If patella alignment appears normal then perhaps the position and length of your injured mpfl is anatomic. Treatment in that circumstance: brace in extension for 2-3 weeks followed by gradual mobilization followed by gradual muscle rehabilitation. Timely exercise rather than specific pt modalities.
675574	Why did my knee doctor send me to a pain specialist after knee surgery?	Ask your doctor You would of course have to ask your doctor perhaps he or she feels that your pain complaint is not one that cannot be easily remedied and may require long term chronic treatment which your surgeon apparently does not feel up to handling.
1409092	28yr old female.Momentary pins & needles in hands on deep breathing. Constant dull ache/creeping feeling in lower left leg. Occasional tongue tingling?	Hyperventilating? This could be due to hyperventilating - breathing deeply and quickly. Breathing in to a paper bag for a minute or so will help return carbon dioxide level to normal, and relieve the symptoms. Anxiety could lead to hyperventilating. If it is persistent, see your primary care provider for a more complete evaluation.
106131	I have sore throat, and ear infection in both ears for 2 weeks. I don't have money to go to doctors. Is this seriouse or will it go away?	Long time... That seems like a long time to suffer. You should go to a walk-in clinic or stat-care possible.
1442634	Left shoulder ache. Twinges of pain into left arm. Left fingers cramp. Happens on right side too. Good EKG, xray, and heart enzymes. Heart issue? 21yr	Unlikely heart At age 21, with negative lab tests, this is unlikely to be from your heart. Pain that goes from your chest down your left arm and that makes your fingers cramp is most likely coming from muscle and fascia--myofascial pain. This can be aggravated by nutritional deficiencies caused by fast food and soda/gatorade, and also injury to your chest and shoulders. www.blatmanhealthandwellness.com
6725852	I had a colonic yesterday and now I have bright red in my loose stool. No blood ever before. Always regular bowel movements. ?	Local irritation This is probably related to the procedure. I would see MD to make sure this is not a large irritation, damage to colonic lining and ER if you have pain, weak, dizziness, fever.
1091702	Sudden sharp pains on left side of chest under breast? Worsens when inhaling or moving. Have to take shallow breaths until over. Lasts a few minutes.	Probably gas. Most sudden, sharp pains in the chest and upper abdomen are due to gas. Every time you eat and swallow, you ingest air (gas). At times these gas bubbles cause sharp pains. Bend and stretch, move about.
1440857	After how many days from end of treatment with antibiotics for chlamydia should I get retested to see if it's gone for good?	2 weeks Two weeks
1291667	What neurological problem can cause chest pain, arm tingling/numbness, numbness on the right side of head and face and fatigue?	See details There are several possibilities with lyme disease being one of them. See a neurologist.
1028527	I have non-itchy red bumps on my side and hip. They are starting to scatter towards my back and stomach. They are small and almost resemble pimples.	Check it out See your doc or dermatologist for answers.
6747631	Holding a light weight in my left hand, holding out in front of me and rotating my wrist right..once I get 180 degrees it hurts.. On and off elbow pai?	Tendonitis Your symptoms sound like tendonitis - are you exercisin, playing golf or tennis, or doing other strenuous activity that could cause strain on your elbow?
889974	Fever for 2/3 days, pimple like non itchy rash that doesn't go past waist.. Sore muscles, headaches for a wk. Highly contagious, adult & kids infected?	7-10'days Most infections are due to viral pathogens and disease is self limited. Try palliative measures such as tylenol and fluids. Monitor temperature and contact physician for fever over 101.5 or inability to remain hydrated. Also consider contacting physician of this persists past 10 days.
1022318	If an ovarian cysts ruptures, will you bleed?	yes But usually the bleeding from a ruptured cyst is minimal and is unlikely to be clinically significant.
6658041	Ate chicken wings last nite. Three hours later sudden SEVERE vomiting, diarrhea, & stomach pain/cramps all nite long. Now 100.0 temp. Food poisoning?	Sounds like it Usually nausea/vomiting/diarrhea is gastroenteritis. You should drink plenty of fluids. If you are unable to keep fluids down or if the symptoms persist, then I would recommend going to emergency room.
1139855	Joint pains
i have this grinding noise in my hip, and knees.  Causes pain all the way to my shin bone. I'm 16, i had a virus on my hip bone 4years ago?	Joint pain See a rheumatologist for evaluation and possible treatment.
1118325	Sharp sooting pain in left leg from back thigh to back knee could it be another blood clot theres is no swollen leg?	Unusual 30' s female w. Pain in sciatic region of thigh asks whether is blood clot. This is unusual region for blood clot. If is blood clot would expect swelling of leg ; pain elicited by direct pressure on region ; when tense leg flexor muscles against resistance. That said, these sympmptoms in someone who already had leg blood clot causes all bets off, and doctor and ultrasound are probably indicated.
6657590	I Was wondering light headed, nausea, tender Breast, extremely server tummy cramps and slight brownish Vag discharge what is causing those symptoms?	Prgnancy! Please do a pregnancy test to exclude that
6657267	I had my mirena removed today 3/13/2015 [5years] how long can it take to get pregnant ? not on any birth control.	It varies... You are essentially fertile right away once Mirena is removed. In general, if 100 fertile couples try to get pregnant, 20 will get pregnant within one month. 70 will get pregnant within six months. 85 will get pregnant within one year. Best wishes!
6775175	I had my last cycle on 31 of july which only lasted 3 days. been experiencing bloating, breast tenderness, stomach craps, headaches. could I be pregan?	Check and see If you think you might be pregnant check then check a home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. In minutes you will have your answer.
944290	Can you pull muscle in upper arm/shoulder/back by sneezing into elbow I have some violent sneezes at times & feel pain in those areas.	Sneezing It can definitely happen. The best treatment I have found is Ibuprofen and rest. It may take a few days to get better. Feel better.
6786752	My breast has a bruise on it that seems to be covering over half its yellow green blue and purple. Nearly 33 weeks pregnant? Is it normal?	What happened? How did you get the bruise? Many women are subject to abuse while they are pregnant. Now is the time to get yourself to a safe environment. Also, if you have a bruise that is unusually large and do not recall an inury, see your OB and have them check your platelets. Sometimes platelets get so low in pregnancy that we have to treat women before delivery.
547157	I have a sore throat which just started today, a headache i've had for a week, and a runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing.I've got green snot today?	Be seen You can certainly take Claritin or zyrtec for the allergic component, but see your physician for an exam, and diagnosis.
572888	If you have bumps on your penis you basically have herpes or warts?	Either Could be either or some thing else , have to see physician to make sure some thing serious. Genital warts caused by hpv could be cured, but herpes virus, once infected will stay in the body nerve cells for ever.Both are contagious to your partner if preventive measures are not taken.
510830	Got a runny nose, sore throat, and my head  is sore . My eyes keep on water and i sneeze alot. What could this be?	Allergies likely Try generic Flonase at night, it's a steroid that will decrease the rhinitis sx' turning your post nasal drip into an antiinflammatory helping with post nasal drip sore throat and relieving sinus pressure. In the meantime Claritin d which has to be purchased from behind the pharmacy counter; it should help.
1047620	Dark bloody bms 2 weeks w/alternating diarr/const. Persistent ulq pain worse w/pressure. Lower abs crampy. Mild temp, sore lymphs in breast, armpit, night sweats. Gi ruled out ibd. Missed diagnosis or what?	Enteritis If you are having grossly bloody stools and the other symptoms you describe it is difficult to imagine that a gastroenterologist would not have done colonoscopy and numerous other tests. You need a pcp who is a good concerned clinician guiding your overall evaluation and calling in consultants when necessary. Good luck and hope you work this out soon.
67033	I have no fever, leg pains, diarrhea, light headedness, and dizzy when bending over. Am I sick with something? What can I do?	Possibly It sounds like you could be a little dehydrated and possibly have a flu like syndrome.
6698263	I take Zoloft for GAD/OCD & major depression. But I really need more anxiety relief and don't want to have to increase my ssri do I suggest a change?	Try non-med approach Talking therapy ranks really high. Cognitive Behavioral therapy or psychotherapy can be effective. Aim for daily exercise, 8 hours of sleep per night & good nutrition w 5 servings of veggies & 4 of fruit per day. Try tai chi, yoga, Qi Gong, progressive muscle relaxation, deep breathing exercises & meditation. Don't isolate - spend time w friends & stay active.
920932	My front tooth abscess just drained.Is biotene wash ok to use or anything else?Waiting to go to the dentist.	Better choices An antibacterial rinse such as listerine or crest prohealth would be better. You can also alternate with warm salt water rinses (1\2 teaspoon salt in a glass of warm water). Call your dentist and see if he\she can prescribe an antibiotic for you, even before your appointment.
871879	How does blood sugar tie in with hypothroidism? I get thirsty a lot and dizzy and shaky almost frequently if i don't have a sugary drink like juice.	Low thyroid The sugar issue is likely independent from the thyroid one. It takes days to get the thyroid to get low and feel any real symptoms. You are jittery likely from a low sugar level nd the sugar drink helps with that symptom. Have your family doctor check you glucose level in the morning when you are fasting (no food for 8 or so hours). Also you can check your sugar when you are symptomatic. Good luck.
6701065	I was sick for the last two weeks, sinuses felt packed and I felt drained. Now sinuses are ok but I still have this bad throat soreness like a ball in the back of my throat behind my nose. I've tried a neti pot, mucinex, Zyrtec and Flonase. I don't know w	A bit more time.. Not sure whether your main complaint was congestion (inability to breathe through the nose) or facial pain/pressure. I's not uncommon for a true sinusitis to take 3 weeks or even more to clear. Saline nasal rinse is always a good choice but if symptoms persist (or worsen) may be time to see your doctor or an ENT.
871870	I constantly fear a heart attack, I have anxiety and always get little pains and aches which my doctor says is nothing, what should I do?	Controlled Breathing Refer to my post on that subject. Also, behavior modification with a trained psychotherapist helps.
637593	Had the flu 1st week in jan. Did nasal irrigation 2nd week in feb. & water got stuck in ears. Still feeling sinus pain in nose and ear pressure. ?	Persisting SInus Sxs Most cold/flu episodes are treated symptomatically with decongestants, cough meds, tylenol, etc. Since they are usually caused by viruses not responding to antibiotics. However, if you are experiencing increased sinus and ear symptoms more than two weeks after the infection began, you may have developed a secondary bacterial infection needing antibiotics. See your pmd.
6639938	One side labia minora has hard pea sized lump with dark spot on it.  Like an open sore.  now it hurts. Doesn't look like a cyst. Never had std. thanks?	Bartholin's Cyst What you are describing sounds like a infected Bartholin's cyst, although other things like herpes cannot completely be excluded without a physical exam. You should seek medical treatment at this time as you may need antibiotics or have it surgically removed.
1031297	Is it harmful at all to wear ear plugs while sleeping at night?	Safe ones are safe Commercial ones cannot get deep into canal, so they are physically safe. Of course you could miss hearing a smoke alarm, or emergency call or intruder, but that's not really the same as causing harm. Just don't push them in too far and sleep well.
295456	Will chlamydia necessarily effect every sexual partner you are in contact with sexually?	Depends Chlamydia is quite easy to pass & is commonly done so by women who may never know they have acquired the germ. Condoms provide some but not absolute protection. Males are more likely to be symptomatic but their irritation may ignored and subside over time. It is best to inform contacts that they may have picked up the germ. Treatment is easy & failure to treat can result in sterility or worse.
1132984	I have this swollen lymph node in my neck that's almost visible.  Sometimes it reduces but it doesn't hurt.  I had mono a couple of moths ago?	Normal It can take 6-8 weeks to fully recover from a bout of mono and during this time the lymph nodes can indeed remain enlarged. As long as your not having other symptoms such as weight loss, night sweats or fevers, i would give it a bit more. Tell yourself if not smaller by valentine's day you'll have it checked out further.
1222122	Hidden white bumps under left tonsil, post-nasal drip, ear pain, tinnitus, pain swallowing, sleep apnea, ear barotrauma, blurry vision, sore throat. ?	Sleep apnea, TMJ Sleep apnea and tmd ( temporomandibular joint dysfunction) often occur together. A malocclusion can put pressure on the TMJ and the muscles causing spasms ( pain , difficulty swallowing, tinnitus etc. ) as well as contributing to a reduced airway contributing to the sleep apnea. Find a dentist who is knowledgeable about both problems to treat them simultaneously.
6721680	Left arm has been numb and tingling and left side of face pressure on chest more than usual ?	See a doctor Go see a doctor soon.
960151	Nausea everyday slight cramping/stretching in stomach spotting brown discharge one day 3 weeks before period is due always tired dizziness. Pregnant?	Maybe You could be. Get a blood pregnancy test and see a doctor or provider.
1381625	I have limited movement, pain and a hard lump at base of thumb. Cortisone sjhot made it worse. Xray no help. Ortho says tendon. I wonder if neuroma?	MRI Given your continued symptoms despite conservative treatment and non revealing X-rays, an MRI is warranted to further evaluate the soft tissue in your hand. Good luck!
949004	Past three days been extremely itchy all over body, primarily arms and legs. No rashes, etc. No new changes at all. No allergies. What can be cause?	Lots of things Many potential causes, and i'm sure i'll overlook some. Could be a very early infestation with scabies, exposure to some irritant, seasonal allergies, dry skin, or pregnancy. It could be something more serious like liver dysfunction. I'd see my gp for an exam.
1509843	I am now 41 years old, Osgood Schlatter's since I was 12.  Each knee huge bump that aches daily and sensitive. Surgery? Post op expectations?	The tibial tubercle- -is not symptomatic after growth. C an orthopedist & have images & xam. Could have a free fragment in the tendon. This can B symptomatic & can B excised. A tendon splitting incision is used & the fragment removed. Healing is fast & the integrity of the tendon is not compromised.
789578	When should we see a doc for the stomach flu? 24 hrs of violent vomiting, diarrhea, and fever (101.8*) so far, no appetite, some abdominal aches.	Clear liquids Drink frequent sips of clear liquids, such as sport drinks or flat ginger ale. Monitor your urine output. If you have fewer than three voids in a day, or your urine looks very dark yellow, then you are dehydrated and may need to be seen in an urgent care or emergency room.
1276888	My knee hurts pretty bad, i can't kneel on it without shooting pain and there's a bump (bone) below my knee that sticks out. It also cracks/pops. Help?	Have it evaluated Sorry, there is no help over the internet. I would urge seeing a rheumatologist or orthopedist and having the knee evaluated.
1376368	2 wks ago momentary tightness from collarbone up neck to ears.Yesterday happened again.What causes?Fear cardiac.PCP says heart ok.See cardiologist?	U need to be seen &amp; examined. Do you have an visual problems, dizziness, any Ear symptoms? A cardiologist may not be helful, if EKG/Holter were negative. Maybe seeing a Neurologist would be worthwhile. Does the tightness feeling occur on one side or both?
375718	Suggestions on pain management last july 4th 2010 i was in a vehicular accident. 2 broken ankles, (r) now fused.  Both lower legs shattered, both knees, tibia plateaus shattered, (r)  shoulder has plates and screws.  C-2, 3, 4, 5, 6 fractures as well as a	It It is not clear exactly what your pain problems are until a good history and physical is performed. Also, any good pain management specialist would retrieve any recent radiographic studies and look at them (and compare their findings with the radiology reports); additionally, any/all social and emotional issues need to be taken into consideration during the assessment. Without further information, i would not make any recommendations. After a thorough assessment, the type(s) of pain would need to be delineated. These might include, but not be limited to: 'frozen' joints, somatic pain of varying origin(s), neuropathic pain, and/or a combination of the above. Again, without further information, i would not suggest any treatments, therapies, or medications.
955427	I took chlamydia pill but im still itchy is that normal?	Give the medication A chance to do it's job.
1422130	ENT hurt my ear while cleaning, some blood, ringing. he says he didn't hit drum, just from infection, sore skin. this sound right?	Yes this sounds right
756071	Could i be pregnant? Ectopic pregnancy 3 months ago -surgery left tube removed. Now 3 days late but neg test. Lite amount of brown discharge today	Prob not BUT In your case u need to do a quantitative bhcg because if it is + , u need a Progesterone level and close monitoring to make sure u do not get another ectopic after one ectopic 10% chance of another one, 90% chance of no ectopic.
284770	Went to dr for possible sinus infection. Been dizzy/lightheaded, sinus pressure, headache, ear ache. Gave me amoxicillin 857 mg 3xday. Been less than 48 hours of medicine. How long til medicine starts to work and gets me feeling better? Lots of sinus pres	Decongestant,n.spray I assume your amoxicillini dosage is 875 mg. It is only been less than 48 hours, it prob.Will need at least one or two more days.I would check with your doctor about adding a decongestant to help with sinus pressure and nasal spray for inflammation. Your doctor knows best of your condition.
1580398	Numbness in left arm radiating to fingers, headache, nausea, 13 weeks pregnant. Is this migraine? What can I take for it while pregnant?	Probably not! Wear a accu-pressure bracelet on the left wrist. Try acupuncture if you can find a copetent one to do it. Take Vitamin B6 50 mg daily x 1 month,along with your prenatal.Try fresh ginger tea daily. High protein diet- small frequent meals. Some of the suggestions are from the great book "Nutritional Medicine' by Dr.Alan Gaby, MD
1331830	Having pain in my left breast and numbness in left arm and hand. Have had 2 previous small strokes and pain is different. Take isosorbide 30 mg daily.	Herniated disc The pain and numbness that you describe may be a herniated disc in in the neck (cervical spine). A pinched nerve in the neck can mimic angina or heart related chest pain. An MRI of the cervical spine can determine if there is a herniated disc in the neck.
284779	Went to dr for possible sinus infection. Been dizzy/lightheaded, sinus pressure, headache, ear ache. Gave me amoxicillin 875 mg 3xday. Been less than 48 hrs on it. Today was more dizzy with sinus pressure. How long til it works?	At least 72 hours It will take at least 72 hours take effect. It's difficult to establish adequate antibiotic levels inside sinuses because of their vascular anatomy.
1189509	I have had consistent headache, fever, chills, sore throat, vomiting, & swollen tonsils for 6 days. Dr says acid reflux. Is this even possible?!	Acid reflex Acid reflux does not cause fever chills it may cause heart burn and vomiting get yourself checked again.
753152	I have small fiber neuropathy and i'm taking 900 mg of gabapentin for my foot pain. Not helping at all. What's the chance the max dose will help?	Gabapentin It is hard to say if the higher dose will help or not. In general most patients who do get benefit with Gabapentin are usually taking a higher dose. Gabapentin should not be labeled as a failure in the absence of a trial with the higher dose of medication.
39358	My breast cancer came back after 13 years - has radiation and chemotherapy improved since then?	Yes Vast improvements have been made over the last 13 years in the treatment of breast cancer.
1189507	What is the best medicine for anxiety? I'm on celexa and it doesn't work. I have a constant fear of having a heart attack like my father.	See your primary car You shoudl see a primary care. Dont worry about heart attacks. Eat right, dont smoke, and control your BP if elevated.
547033	I have pain in my hand which have had nerve conduction study showed no carpel tunnel , get bad cramps & pain in thumb & fingers , what could this be?	Other options... Although carpal tunnel is commonly noted on nerve studies, there are some cases where patients have symptoms of carpal tunnel but the tests remain negative. The best way to determine is with a good physical exam by a health care provider. Another item that can cause similar symptoms are radial artery problems at the wrist - it is worth evaluation by a good health care provider.
1349142	If an 18yr old had PVCs every few days on and off and had echocardiogram, ecg, stress ecg, cardiac MRI and 24h ECG would you say the heart is normal?	Tests If an 18y/o had all those tests and they all were entirely normal, there would be little likelihood of signficant cardiac abnormality present.
287970	What is done for bakers cyst?  Does this cause swelling and pain in the knee?	Aspirate/ shot A bakers cyst is a pocket of fluid that accumulates behind the knee. It tends to fluctuate in size with activity. It often is related to some intra-articular pathology. If there is a large amount of fluid i occasionally drain it or use a cortisone injection often when I do an arthroscopy for a problem the cyst will disappear for awhile.
288047	Negative infection says doctor. Ovarian cyst found with ultrasound. Symptoms: bladder pressure, missed period, frequent urination, abdominal pain?	Sounds right Ovaries and bladder are in the same neighborhood, can cause all of the mentioned symptoms.
1445218	Have pain in left leg for a month. Negative d dimer and ultrasound but now a charley horse/knot feeling woke me up and wont go away. Could it be dvt?	Very unlikely to be. With a negative d-dimer you're more likely to be suffering from muscle spasms, particularly given your symptoms of Charlie horse/knot. If your symptoms do not resolve with adequate hydration, warm compresses, light massage, and other soothing measures, see your doctor for diagnosis and treatment.
6690081	Cramps in Lower back n lower abdomen groin sometimes symphysis pubis it comes and goes feelin bloated heartburn belching sometimes urine burns. Help?	Need exam soon Burning urine combined with the other symptoms may indicate a urinary tract infection or sexually transmitted infection. Please see a doctor and get tested as soon as possible so that you can get on antibiotics to clear the infection before it gets worse.This can develop into a much more serious infection if you do not get it treated promptly
1570341	Have had stomach ulcer/reflux cramps for a week now, also brown discharge with period pains but no period which is due, preg test negative. ??	D/c /late period Would get a sonogram,may be a miscarriage so the HCG falls, would also detect ectopic. ovarian, uterine pathology.
1516000	I am still bleeding after treatment having the antibiotics for chlamydia, pelvic inflammatory disease and bacterial vaginosis. what should i do?	See GYN This requires a pelvic exam. See your gynecologist. Best wishes.
1490469	Serum protein electrophoresis - hight beta fraction, what does this mean?	Unimportant Tell us your values of all proteins. The only two that matter are Albumin and Gamma Globulin. A M spike(monoclonal peak) can be abnormal...so look for this, otherwise you are ok and can ignore the beta fraction.
1275288	My left leg, left side of shin bone, about an inch over, about 1/3 to 1/2 way up leg, have shooting pains when i bend at knee, or when i stretch leg.	Hard to say There are many potential causes. Sciatica, which is an irritation of a nerve in the back, is one of the more common causes. Arthritic conditions can cause leg pain as can vascular problems. A detailed history and exam can often determine the cause. Thank you for your question.
6645462	How long can recurrent genital herpes sores last max? Not sure of status but have isolated red bumps on thighs with hairs attached for week or two.	Not herpes Recurrent herpes usually lasts 7-10 days and probably always heals within 2 weeks. Butr regardlesss of how long they last, genital herpes is not a likely cause of "isolated red bumps on thighs", and for sure isn't the cause of such problems associated with hairs. No worries about herpes.
217315	Is little finger numbness a sign of poor blood circulation?	More like neuropathy Numbness has a large differential diagnosis meaning that many different things can cause it. Some are benign and a few are more serious. Best to review your entire history and be examined by a doctor. A good internal medicine, family practicioner, or neurologist should be able to help.
375323	I have a swollen large tender lump on my outer vagina/groin area near where the crease of my leg and vagina meets. It is painful just to walk or even sit down. I don't see any openings on the lump. The lump is smooth and it is under the skin. I have not b	This This could be an enlarged lymph node or an abscess. I hope you have had it examined/treated by now.
1443761	What if you have the implanon and the Depo-Provera at the same time, can you have a baby
?	Very unlikely If these are both being used, it is very unlikely that pregnancy will occur. Moreover I would be concerned about the side effects of using these similar drugs together as it appears you are doing. Please review this with your gynecologist.
540320	I have had a sore jaw line for a week now, at first i thought it was my wisdom tooth getting infected again but that seems fine. Should i see a doc?	Yes Could be a number of things causing your sore jaw. Among them are clenching/grinding your teeth, abscessed tooth, etc. Best to consult with your dentist.
1312569	Unprotected sex in january. I've had 4 periods since then and negative blood pregnancy test in April. Safe to say not pregnant? More veins in breasts.	Yes. any test is only as good as the person running it. http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-living/getting-pregnant/in-depth/home-pregnancy-tests/art-20047940 and longer than a week after first missed period accuracy goes WAY MORE ACCURATE. but... doesn't prevent someone from not reading the results correctly.
1479519	Vaginal sex july 26 used condom but it broke 3 weeks later, painful sore throat, congested nose and bad cough, low grade fever too, this ARS symptoms?	Unclear question Can't imagine that you had used the same condom for 3 weeks until it broke. Please clarify. On the other hand, you may just have a common cold but should the symptoms worsen or persist beyond 10 days, be sure to see a doctor.
379817	I am almost 37 weeks pregnant and I have a rash on my belly and is extremely itchy. What could it be? 37 weeks pregnant g4p2, otherwise healthy	It It is very importnant that you have this rash assessed by your doctor as soon as possible. The rash could be benign and a result of creams you may have used. It can also be pupp - pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy (puppp) or polymorphic eruption of pregnancy. This typically presents in the 3 trimester of pregnancy and may look like blisters or hives on the skin. Your doctor will want to see you to assess the rash and recommend a treatment regimen. Worst case scenario is that intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, a rare liver problem where bile salts that normally flow to the bile duct accumulate in the skin causing skin to be irritated and itchy. This condition requires emergent medical condition because it can cause your baby to be distressed. See your doctor asap.
283096	My back and my chest and stomach hurts of a dry itchy throat and cough I have. What can I take?	Bronchitis It sounds like you may have a bronchitis. Most of the time it is viral but if persistent for several days and with fever you should see your pcp or urgent care to be evaluated and perhaps needing an antibiotic. You can try some otc cough medications initially.
1129218	I hit my elbow on a metal frame it now hurts to move place pressure or lift things there is no bruising and slight swelling. Should i see a dr or wait?	Depends Depends on when you hit it but it sounds as though you are having enough trouble to say "yes" to seeing a doctor and getting this checked out.
1541463	Leftheel feels dry in small areas.Is that normal or could that be a symptom of infection?Also not Itchy or burns.Nor peelings or cracks between toes	Just dryness or.... HI! this could be just plain skin dryness. Other than that depending on other signs or symptoms which you seem to disclaim dryness can be due to fungal ( athlete foot ), infections or eczema ( there is somethng called ' winter eczema as well ), as the most common causes. If using a lotion or cream moisturizer does not help with use once or twice a day for about a week then evaluate furhter.
6637675	Allergic to dust. Immunotherapy 10yrs ago improved athsma&sinus. Now PM sinus/nasal congestion worsening. Using Nasonex&montelukast. OK long term?	See an ENT ASAP Chronic sinusitis complications may include: meningitis, asthma, vision problems and even stroke. See an ENT for proper diagnosis and treatment.
1272582	I have cysts on my right ovary. Some pain and bleeding after sex this weekend but now much worse after yoga 1hr ago...Could one have ruptured?	No Cyst on the ovary does not cause painful sex or bleeding , it is a common finding in a young female , need to have a vaginal exam , see your gyn dr.
1161169	My last 2 periods last only just over 24 hours before it reduces to spotting then done. I am not sexually active, norm very regular. Why could this be?	Irregularbleeding is one of the most common problems Obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections & hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . there are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1169754	I woke up with itchy small bumps on stomach, chest and neck. But my boyfriend did not. It's winter and cold. If it's not bed bugs then what is it?	Rash This must be seen to be diagnosed. Visit your doctor's office and let them have a look.
590191	Red spot like rashes on the tip of my penis, itchiness and slight pain, moist and foul smell are some symptoms i have. Which type of doctor to go to?	Primary care doctor A primary care doctor evaluates and treats rashes and infections on the penis. If it is a tight foreskin problem, the doctor can help too. He can refer to a urologist or a dermatologist if necessary.
6744149	I have the same issue. i have a couple of small but noticeable bumps that look like pimples on my penis. Would like to know if they are warts, herpes?	Doctor can look Bumps and rashes are difficult to describe in words. A primary care doctor, a urologist, or a dermatologist can examine penis bumps to see what they might be. Sometimes rashes are normal bumps like "pearly papules" or comedones (plugged skin pore, plugged hair follicle) but other times they may be from viruses like HPV or molluscum. For unusual rashes, a skin biopsy may be done by a dermatologist.
889414	I have a rash, a lot of flat red spots that seem to meet and merge under my breasts. Spread to back and neck today. Non itchy slightly raised, what do?	These may be Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. These may be several different diseases and you may need a biopsy.
1245417	Gas after eating, poop all day long. Sometimes can empty colon. Soft stools to diarrhea. Lots of stomach cramps. I have seen 12 doctors. Need help?	Food Intolerance. Chronic diarrhea and gas can be caused by many things. The flex sigmoidoscopy had ruled out colitis and cancer. Other things that can cause these symptoms are food allergies, celiac sprue, overactive thyroid, and lactose intolerance. Your family physician can test you for these. Eat a healthy diet, rich in fiber: vegetables, fruits , legumes and whole grains. Limit high fructose corn syrup.
1427695	I'm feeling flutters in my lower belly and a strong pulse plus I experience headaches more often I am always sleep tired in nausea vomiting?	Pregnancy test The first test performed on any female of reproductive age with symptoms of fatigue and nausea would be a pregnancy test. Following that, a more complete history and physical exam would be necessary. Nausea and vomiting due to any cause can lead to dehydration which can cause rapid pulse, fatigue, headache and dizziness when severe.
993842	Does interstitial cystitis of the bladder cause a lot of uti's  ?	No Interstitial cystitis is a chronic inflammation of the bladder wall. It causes urinary tract infection symptoms but it does not cause infections. It is distinctly different from a UTI in that it is not caused by a bacterial infection. That is part of what makes it ahrd to treat.
1153849	I am 30 yrs.Old man I have constant urge to urinate...I had uro test no UTI was found had CT scan no kidney stone what is causing this feeling?	Prostatitis If your urine is free of signs of sugar or infection then this is a prostate infection or inflammation.
555764	Is it better to moisturize first then apply acne treatment cream or apply the acne treatment first then moisturize?	Acne treatment Use the acne treatment first and the moisturizer second.
1531670	Im gg for an ultrasound check aftr 3mnths missed period. Before tht, doc stated that i didnt have uterus palpable, no abdomen tender, (-)result hpt?	Amenorrhea if you have had periods in the past, you most definitely have a uterus. Your uterus is Small and most likely just hard to feel. Nevertheless, missing several periods is not normal and you should get checked out for hormonal imbalances like thyroid problems that commonly present at this age. Prolactin should be considered
1503803	My MRI report of left knee shows grade 2 myxoid degeneration with modrate effusion and som injury to acl. What does this mean?	Possible ACL injury. The grade 2 signal within the meniscus, generally indicates wear on the meniscus, but no outright tear. The ACL finding depends on whether or not you've had an injury to your knee. Reports can be misleading, so the actual images of the MRI need to be reviewed by an orthopedic knee surgeon.
869740	Numbness tingly feeling under my chin every so often followed by hot blocked ears, nausea and troubble breathing, palpitiations and dizzy light headed?	See a neurologist These multiple symptoms are complex and warrant a careful evaluation by a neurologist. An MRI of the brain would be indicated to rule out multiple sclerosis. A cardiology evaluation for the palpitations. Pregnancy could explain some of the symptoms also.
1548453	I never had any skin problems with acne or anything. recently my face broke out and cleared up and now I have red bite like bumps on back and stomach?	Allergic Reaction. Think of what you ate, What did you apply on the face or Where you went and may be you came in contact with some thing unusual ( like Pets, Flora and Fauna, insects etc. ) or if travelled. Take Benadryl or Apply Benadryl/ Cortisone Cream to these lesions if they are Itchy. If they seem infected apply Neosporin Ointment. If not getting better in 1-2 days, get examined
1462446	I've been having falls since my lumbar rfa. I fell 2x last night&I have extreme stinging in my butt cheek& my leg? What is this& do I need 2 go 2 er?	Fall Due to your recent fall and subsequent pain in a setting of lumbar fracture, I recommend seeking medical attention without further delay.
383342	Ear swelling eye pain neck pain and migraine no additional info	If If you are having those symptoms you need a medical evaluation. If you have facial swelling, any shortness of breath, fever, weakness, or vomiting then you will need to be seen as an emergency.
245252	What can cause a small raised red and itchy bump on a bicep?	Iinsect bite Usually an isolated lesion like this would be from an insect bite.
6658898	My left leg hurts pain down from of shin and knee hurts can't squat or stairs clicks when walking or bending hurts what is wrong?	Impossible to say You need to have the knee evaluated and likely need an MRI. There are several pissible causes including a tear.
1402039	I have a red blotchy rash on the back of both of my calves. severely itches but is also painful too. find it odd that its in the same spot on both leg?	Requires examination sounds suspicious and must be observed and examined to diagnose.
1190450	How long are specimens good for additional reliable testing? Doctor ordered chlamydia/gc test and 6days later ordered a trich test using same specimen	Preservatives The lab doing the testing would let your dr. Know if the specimen was outdated. Often, preservatives can be introduced in the specimen as well, making it viable for future testing. If the lab did not have a problem with adding the test, than all is fine.
1281531	What the reason if i take Abilify and Buspar with my Zoloft I have good libido and when i stop one of the 2 my libido go dawn?	I if you stop Your buspirone, you are stopping one of the known antidotes to ssri sexual dysfunction and are possibly unleashing more anxiety symptoms that are detrimental to your libido. Stopping Abilify can lower your mood and your libidos. In reality they all work at different serotonin receptor sites. And the combo may be offsetting the zoloft's antilibido effect by an as yet poorly defined mechanism.
263994	I have a big, colorless bump on the back of my right elbow that itches, it's flat, slightly hot, red, no pain and I have no idea where it came from?	Olecranon bursitis This is most likely a condition called olecranon bursitis which is a swelling in a sac on the back of the elbow. If this is hot and red this could be an infection of the bursa. I recommend seeing a physician to be evaluated and possibly be started on antibiotics.
69962	I have very large kidney stones. Is there any nonsurgical way to get rid of them?	Super Phosphozyme Liquid super-phosphozyme by biotics take this with liquid iodine 30 drops each (take with lemon juice to mask taste) three times a day and see whether your symptoms improve recheck with scan i'n 2-3 weeks.
872578	What are the chances i could be pregnant if i'm taking lo loestrin fe with topimarate  and had unprotected sex?	Get a pregnancy test Topiramate may decrease the effectiveness of hormonal birth control products (such as pills, patch, ring). This effect can result in pregnancy. Get tested.
592844	I have joint pain same on both sides of my body, fatigue, low grade fevers, elevated crp, elevated d dimer. Tested for RA and lupus both neg. ?	See a rheumatologist You need to be seen by a specialist in immunology, infectious diseases, or joint diseases. This is not a simple answer but would require an extensive evaluation.
883868	Would IgM antibodies for HSV 1 and 2 still be present after being infected years ago? Or do IgM antibodies "disappear" and then IgG takes over?	IgM are temporary This question of yours has been answered repeatedly in the past. I am curious as to why you keep asking this.
758546	Is a two colored mole pr definition melanoma?	Never that simple Melanoma is a cancer of the skin that has many features including multiple colors ( usually more than two), irregular borders, recent change in size or shape and many other features. Two colors alone is not sufficient proof. Do you have a family history ? If there is concern, seek out a physician for biopsy if needed. This simple procedure will save you a lot of anxiety, if needed.
1579645	I  have vitamin B12 Deficiency not pernicious anemia. My doctor told me. My reading was 160. What is that number is it 160mcg.	It's on your report the lab report should have a reference value. sometimes it is reported as nanograms per milliliter (ng/mL), or as picograms per milliliter (pg/mL) 1 picogram is equal to 0.001 nanograms, making the nanogram a larger unit. when you take b12, the dose is usually in micrograms (mcg) 1 mcg is equal to 1000 nanograms i had to look up all that, by the way
1078262	Left arm pain by shoulder, with short sharp pains in the chest left side. I treated it like acid re-flux too no avail neck also hurts left side ideas?	Disc bulge You may have a bulging or herniated disc in your neck. Get evaluated by a cervical spine orthopedist.
760980	I had to take the other dose of Depo-Provera birth control on the 1st it is now the 7 th i got it today but what are my chances of getting pregnant ?	Not likely Depo-provera is one of the most effective forms of birth control, as long as you get the shot every 3 months as directed. Irregular or absent periods are an expected side effect. Failure rates are 1-3%. Anytime you suspect that you may be pregnant the best thing to do is to take home pregnancy test. They are cheap, reliable and available at any pharmacy. In minutes you will have your answer.
760983	When i rub my hands down there i feel little small tiny bumps, their the color of my skin located on the inner labia.. Could this be cause soap i use?	Please see Please see your dermatologist for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. This could be many different things.
1322151	How can I get rid of acne and dark acne scars on my face and back? I am african but have light skin so the marks are very noticeable. Need help!	Serious rx Acne on your trunk is going to require both topical and systemic Rx. The latter is available only by prescription. Control you active disease, and let the hyperpigmentation fade on its own. I'm sorry your acne has been neglected up to now; it will be hard work keeping it at bay but you'll be glad. If you are offered isotretinoin, consider taking it despite all the fear-stories.
730799	What are the chances of a healthy pregnancy at 38-both parents have gene for CF and one miscarriage 3 weeks ago.	Odds are.. 25% of conceptions will have cf, 50% will be carriers, & 25% will not be carrying a CF gene. For a woman of 38, risk of any genetic abnormality is about 1%. Success also is affected by the age of your partner. Higher success rate if the male is younger than 40. Good luck.
1322155	Is it normal to still have a lot of pain and have trouble walking 2 weeks after knee arthroscopy for a torn meniscus and arthritis clean out?	Not normal, but any surgery has a side effects and pain is one of them. After the knee arthroscopy it is expected to have pain up to 3-4 weeks. However, there are many good painkillers for acute pain available. Please, call your surgeon for pain medication adjustment post-op appointment. You should not suffer.
1372466	Intense back spasms off and on for 2 wks in the mid-back in muscles that run along spine. Hurts to breathe, lift arms, laying on sides. What is wrong?	Persistent spasm There can be many causes for this type of symptom. If you lifted a very heavy object, were playing contact sports, or were involved in a motor vehicle collision, this could be due to a vertebral compression fracture or rib fracture. If you have no history of trauma, then muscle spasm is more likely. If short of breath, this could be pulmonary embolus. You should be examined by a doctor.
1050504	Do i need to be concerned with a consistent resting heart rate of 100? Blood pressure is usually 110/80.	Probably not At your young age, a heart rate of 100 is not likely to be dangerous. It usually means that there is some other metabolic condition or non-cardiac problem. Common conditions causing an elevated resting heart rate would be anemia or thyroid hormone excess. A graded exercise and fitness program might help to decrease your heart rate.
670732	What's the medicine for the heart and high blood pressure?	Hypertension Your doctor can choose the best medicine for you.
1288034	I am scheduled for an eye exam. Will having a bad headache, sinus pressure and itchy and watering eyes will make my glass prescription wrong?	It shouldn't You can change the shape of you eye by sleeping directly on your eyes but they usually correct within an hour or quicker. Make sure you let your eye doctor know about your symptoms but you should be fine.
6712874	I've had some sharp chest pain today while doing some housework on both sides of chest , no sweating or palpitations any ideas I'm 29
?	Chest pain most likely muscle related. If it continues go to the emergency room if possible
480784	Pressure under upper right rib, alp 67, AST 17, ALT 16, bilirubin 1.0...Cbc all normal...Could this be liver disease...Noticeable after alcohol	?Gallbladder Before or after meals. ..? Associated with fat or food? Does it wake you at night? Any problems with your lungs, breathing or heart?
889045	I have every symptom of ovarian cancer. 10 day periods, pain w/ sex , weight loss, bloating, anemia, bad sharp cramps, sore boobs, but i'm only 25?	Whoa These are a grab-bag of troubling symptoms that need to be addressed on their own. It's unlikely that ovarian cancer is the cause but it's 100% certain you need a relationship with a competent gynecologist who can manage what is probably at least two different medical problems; you'll get imaging that will rule ovarian cancer in or out. It's not impossible. Best wishes.
1218193	My mom had regular health check up done and was found to have traces of albumin in her urine and also has high ESR of above 100mm/hr, whom to consult?	PCP A primary care physician would be the best place in which to begin this evaluation. A family practitioner or general internist will assess her and refer her onwards if they cannot work this out themselves.
6777854	Is it common when having a total knee replacement the upper part is not cemented in the femur but the part in the tibia was cemented.	Knee replacements Total knee replacements have traditionally been cemented on the femoral and tibial sides, but non-cemented versions are becoming more attractive for surgeons. Solid fixation to bone is paramount with non-cemented components. Cement is necessary if this is not achieved. In your case, the femoral component was likely well fixed, but tibial component likely required cement to ensure good fixation
1336924	Is it possible to have a nodular melanoma mole for at least 2 years and not know it?	Yes Yes, people can have melanoma for very long periods of time without knowing it, particularly if the melanoma is asymptomatic. However, the melanoma may have present for a shorter period of time as well. Difficult to know for certain.
6792658	I'm 36 and I've suffered from IBS M both c and d and I can't seem to control it, I also have these periods when mucus is in my stool accompanied with red blood on the surface, although that hasn't happened for about 6 months now. But tonight I'm finally p	Uncontrolled IBS Your symptoms are too complex to address in only 400 characters. You should see your doctor or a gastroenterologist to help you get this under control. You could consider a consult on HealthTap Prime or HealthTap Concierge to get started, though. In the meantime, increasing your fiber intake and your fluid intake might be a good start. Good luck.
1448059	I have burning and uncomfortable itching in and around my vagina. It is also red. I don't have any unusual discharge or smell. What could this be?	Yeast good chance you have a yeast infection. yeast infections can be treated with over the counter Monistat
1439071	I have feel pain in my chest . My alll test of heart is fine Ecg ETt and Echo.what is issue 
?	Talk To your doctor. If cardiac work up is negative. Look for other causes of chest pain. Reflux. Musculoskeletal etc.
1478936	Ive had daily painful head pressure, dizzy, lightheaded & air hunger every day for 2 yrs. What could this be? MRIs & bloodwork r fine. Pinched vagus?	Stress or tension You are describe on the symptoms of tension headache that could be caused by stress or muscle spasm in neck from sleeping or sinus pressure either way your best chance to see a doctor for proper evaluation and treatment mean while minimize stress sleep well on ore comfortable pillow with the head elevated take Benadryl at night and hydrate well
1486049	Can I have a tea for migraines with these ingredients; Rosemary, Valerian root, Uva Ursi, Ginger, Basil, Lemon peel, Tilo. W lexapro, buspar,Welbutrin?	See a neurologist You can try the tea, but track whether it worsens or improves your headache by keeping a daily headache log (timing, severity, duration, frequency, characteristics). Take the log to a neurologist. There are both over the counter and prescription remedies that might be suggested to you by a neurologist. http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/migraine.html
795453	Nausea, fatigue, dizziness, food aversion, smell sensitivity, slight cramping. What can that be from? What i thought originally is apparently wrong.	Get a pregnancy test Your symptoms are vague, and could be from anything from an early illness to a migraine. However, given your age, i would start your work up with a pregnancy test and follow up with your regular doctor.
1603301	Period 10 days late pinkish discharge , what does that mean ? Had sore nipples , soreness went away and now breast are sore	Pregnancy test Do a pregnancy test. It sounds like You could be pregnant.
1241188	What to expect for surgery sinusitis and deviated septum?	Septoplasty Dns ; sinus surgery can resolve chronic sinusitis and mouth breathing.
702271	What is endoscopic sinus surgery?	A procedure It is a procedure where a camera is used to unblock your sinus openings and remove infection, polyps or mucous that is stuck within your nose and sinuses. For more information visit www.socalsinus.com
1578998	Severe elbow and wrist pain, numbness in fingers and swelling in fingers?	Arthritis You may have arthritis. You need to be evaluated to see for sure. Sometimes of arthritis need to be treated immediately. As a rheumatologist we consider these a medical emergency. Your physician should evaluate you and if necessary have you see a rheumatologist.
1424342	I am having tender breasts. I am on Depo-Provera and had sex back in early May. I took Plan B and 3 pregnancy tests all negative (May-July). Could I be preg?	Unusual Would be unlikely at this point to have neg tests if pregnant. See your doc for a blood pregnancy test or for other reasons.
253092	I need help getting to sleep at night so I can get a good nights rest. What should I do?	Good sleep hygiene Begin a bed time ritual that includes things that help you wind down (bath, reading, meditation, drinking tea (sleepy time, linden leaf). Eliminate the use of electronics at least 1 hour before you wish to be asleep. Try exercise earlier in the day but not too close to bed time. Be patient, it takes a consistency and time to develop good sleeping habits but good sleep is critical to wellness.
6745544	Yellow discharge for 2 weeks now. No odour, pain, burning, itching, I am not sexually active but have abnormal
Periods. Is this normal?	Several causes Bacterial vaginosis and yeast are the two most common vaginal infections in women who are not sexually active. Both can look yellow. Schedule an Obgyn visit and have them see what is going on.
1396220	Mild sore throat w ear ache for a few days. Now, I have white spots on tonsils and orange spots on back of throat. no fever. Some sinus drainage?	See your doctor to see if you may have an infection in the sinuses, and the drainage is irritating the throat and drying on the tonsils giving the white spots.
1100962	I had sleep study done as a kid nothing was found today sleep apena was found i take seroquel which makes me tired during the day i don't stop breathing snore i was tortured as a child ?	Sleep apnea You should be seen by an ENT to see if there is an anatomy problem to fix, since you are young. You might benefit from tonsillectomy/ adenoidectomy or nasal surgery. Dental appliances are an option for some people. The typical non-surgical option is a CPAP device.
1452963	I went to the doctor because  I thought that I had UTI they tested my urine and did blood test I was fine no infection? How can I clean my bladder	Urinary symptoms Be sure to drink 6-8 glasses of water daily. 8 ounces of cranberry juice daily will help as well. Some women find that probiotics and yogurt help to avoid urinary and vaginal infections. After urinating, always wipe from front to back. Over the counter Uristat reduces urinary symptoms.
6742010	I sustained an injury of knee. The MRI result shows a tear of meniscus medialis of 3rd degree. Do I need a surgery to partially remove meniscus?	Torn meniscus I would suggest that the best person to give you an answer to this question is who ordered the MRI
994164	What causes runny/stuffy nose in one nostril, mucus in bowel movements/ upset stomach, dull headaches, no nausea, no vomiting, no fever?	Viral infection Sounds like a virus. Viruses love to mess with multiple body systems at the same time. Wash your hands and keep from others while you have symptoms. Even without fever, vomiting and nausea, an infection from a virus is most likely.
819978	Left side of tongue sensitive/sore, also left throat, discomfort when swallow. Some swelling left neck under jaw for 2 days. Rt side is ok.  Normal?	Not normal Sensitivity on one side of the tongue with throat discomfort is not normal and somewhat concerning. You should start by having your primary doctor examine you and if need be, an ENT may need to look in your throat with a special camera. Should your throat discomfort worsen to a point that you are unable to swallow comfortably or begin to have difficulty breathing you should go to your nearest er.
510954	Hi. Already had doppler in leg they said no clot. But I have constant left groin pain. A shooting pain from my hip down my butt and soreness down leg.?	Sciatic pain Sounds like you have sciatic pain here. It could be caused by low back problem- which is something you want to discuss with your primary care doctor.You could also have arthritis on your hip as well and give you pain on the groin or buttock area. Go to see your doctor and discuss with your doc the next step to do.
616634	My husband has swelling on the right side of his chest.He is a heart patient and has had two heart attacks before...What does the swelling indicate?	Skin / muscle / bone Cardiac disease does not present with "swelling on the chest. " I am not sure what the swelling represents, but I am most sure that it is outside his chest cavity and related to skin, muscle or bone. Your husband is unfortunate to have had heart disease while you are still at such a young age.
1214731	Body aches really bad and coughing very little, one nostril sore be that side of throat without fever, is it flu?	Sounds like Flu Can be sinus infection also.....See pmd.
1299662	How can I control snoring problem in age 45?	Sleep study Snoring is the result of upper air way obstruction. The most likely causes of this obstruction are the base of the tongue (most commonly), the tonsils, the uvula and the soft palate. You need to see an ENT doctor for a specific diagnosis and possibly a sleep study to rule out sleep apnea. Sleeping on the side or on your belly may give some relief. Using 2 pillows may help a little.
701263	My dad has 3 heart bypass, has gone through a stroke before 10-something years. There are many unstable blood pressure - in the evening is very high.	Blood pressure Should consult dad's doctor for input, may need more treatment.
304447	Long term effects of radiation therapy for breast cancer vs surgery?	Very tolerable today Long term side effects from breast radiation are much less likely with modern techniques today as opposed to techniques used just nine or ten years ago. It also depends on the doctors skill sets and equipment. It also depends upon whether or not the XRT is only to the breast or also needs i include the lymph nodes under arm and above collar bone. Mostly cosmetic with increased density of breast.
304171	How long does pain last after knee replacement surgery?	It may not be gone Some are fortunate to have the surgery and shortly there after once the wounds healed, they have no pain at all. Many will have great improvement of pain, but never completely resolved after the replacement surgery. It is a big surgical procedure with significant risks/benefits, so do your research and discuss with doc thoroughly. Good luck to you.
140885	Is foot numbness and lower leg weakness a nerve problem or a muscle problem?	Depends It could be either. Only an examination will determine what is causing the problem.
641256	Yesterday i had a headache and i took a panadol. After that, i felt weak and my hand fingers were numb. My fingers are like yesterday until now.	Allergy to Penedol Dont worry, it will go away
1009349	I have pain on touch on rt shoulder blade, it has shifted from near the spine, radiates to spine, pains smwhr deep when i bend neck, am a smoker, chest CT normal, can this be lung cancer? What is this	A clear CT Means that it is not lung cancer. Ct is the most sensitive method available to evaluate for lung cancer. Your symptoms sound musculo-skeletal. I would still recommend smoking cessation.
1551189	Went doc 4 left upper arm/shoulder tightness Gave muscle relaxer & said was due to stress Blood pressure was normal could it be heart or something els?	Unlikely, but ask UR Doc who saw and examined you as she/he would be the best person to answer this for you. A heat pack twice a day would be beneficial and some Aleve or Advil would also help. Gentle and gradually increasing exercises of the neck muscles would help, to remove the tightness. Good Luck.
6708071	I am having rashes in my inner thighs ...it itches some swelling circles are also there....area has become black kindly help.	Fungal? Have the rashes persisted for days? It is always very difficult to comment on potential causes of rash without an exam. Fungal rash (tinea corporis or versicolor), intertrigo (irritation from chafing maybe complicated by infection) or erythrasma (bacterial infection) are associated with round itchy/scaly persistent rash in this region.
608835	65 yr.Having non itchy peteichea  red rash all over the body sparing face, neck and breasts for > 2 weeks.Hx of breast ca in 2010.What could it be?	Go to see md She should go to see her md and get some eval including a complete blood count. You want to know if her platelet and other blood count level are okay. In certain patient with breast cancer with history of radiation and chemo, especially in older group- there is an increased risk to develp bone marrow insuficiency i.e. Myelodysplastic syndrome or leukemia. Go get her checked and to know what it is.
1452559	Last period 7/01/14. Irregular cycle. Very light brown spotting only when wipe out. From 08/16 -present. Some cramps and bloated. Unprotected sex. ??	Pregnancy test , GYN First step--get a pregnancy test. They are readily available at your pharmacy. Second step--see your gynecologist.
688894	Pain around left and right breasts, which worsen when i move. Also cold/icy sensation in chest, shoulder/neck pain. Had an ECG done, which seemed fine	Have you ever Considered also getting a neck/mid back (thoracic) mri. How is your mammogram?
1008839	37 weeks pregnant, strong regular period pain, lower back pain, vomiting, sore breasts and diarrhea - what could this be?	See Your Doctor Now! This could be labor, so see your provider now. You could also have a syndrome that could be harmful for you and your baby or simply gastroenteritis. Get it checked out today!
1489961	Would a compression sleeve help my elbow.i had medial epicondylar release with ulnar nerve decompression 4months ago it has swelling & tight.	Ask surgeon to be sure, but often a light compression sleeve will help reduce swelling after this type of surgery. The reason it is important to ask your surgeon first however is because of the ulnar decompression part. If you had a great deal of scar tissue or other anatomic abnormalities, you want to make sure they are not worried about compressing the ulnar with compression sleeves. Otherwise should help.
1190621	I have sudden pain top of right breast bone.Pain is constant, also feels tender to touch and worsens when i extend my arm forward should I be concerned?	Be concerned There may be a pulled nerve in your neck causing a "peripheral neuropathy" that worsens when you extend your arm forward. See a neurologist. An MRI might be ordered to find the nerve that is being pulled or compressed.
1282579	Mri of ear , they said fluid in mastoid bone I have slight hearing issues and 24/7 tinnitus , I have not had an ear infection , nothing coming out ea?	Tinnitus Unfortunately there is no cure for tinnitus, but see an ENT specialist who specializes in tinnitus. He can prescribe certain exercises.
510332	Why do diet pills and sugar blockers cause me heart palpitations and anxiety. These were prescribed by a doc. Should i continue?	Diet pills You did not say what diet pills you are taking but many are similar to amphetamines, which can cause increased heart rate & blood pressure. Some people are very sensitive to amphetamines & need a smaller dose. Also, they are contraindicated in people w/ cardiac problems or who have a family history cardiac problems. Perhaps another doc can address the "sugar blockers" part of your question.
1274123	75% vestibular weakness in right ear with cookie bite hearing loss. Vertigo 3 times in last 2 years. Docs don't think meniere's. Now what?	Vestibular neuritis A 75% weakness in an ear indicates an injury to the balance mechanism sometimes associated with a viral infection, so-called, vestibular neuritis. Are you having vertigo? Cookie-bite hearing loss may be unrelated and is usually genetic or congenital. Meniere's disease is characterized by fluctuating sensori-neural hearing loss, episodic vertigo and roaring tinnitus. If asymptomatic, no rec.
298122	What to do when bee sting swelling?	Baking soda paste Make a paste of 2 parts baking soda and one part water. Apply in a cloth to effected area of skin.
1437768	A child I babysit came down with hand, foot, mouth virus, will Lysol wipes kill this virus? What is the best prevention?	Enterovirus infect This is often due to Coxsackievirus A16 or other enteroviruses, and although Lysol wipes may diminish the risk, this virus is easily spread. through close personal contact, the air (through coughing or sneezing), contact with feces, contaminated objects and surfaces. The best prevention is to not be near or in contact with an infected person.
6625288	4 red bumps close to my labia majora and perineum area. They aren't cluster like, don't hurt nor pus like. I use body wash. Not herpes or chlamydia ?	Hair bumps herpes is very painful, chlamydia does nor cause bumps, mostly like has some hair follicle inflammation and blockage, try warm soak , apply lots moisturizer and do not shave for few days. check with you doctor if not improved in few days
1006830	Irritated vagina redish and dry occasional burning itchhyness but never during urination 2 days? Yeast infection? I shaved and had sex?	Hard to tell. But if you develop white "cottage cheese" type discharge, yes, that would be typical symptoms. Get to a doctor for more precise diagnosis.
1406837	Itchy between toes, hurts to walk, toes may be slightly swollen, skin feels tight, peeling skin with a few wounds between toes and on top of toes. ?	Foot fungus You most likely have a fungal infection called Athletes foot or tinea pedis. Get some Lamisil or Lotrimin cream OTC and use it twice daily. Expose your feet to the air by wearing flip flops or sandals. Soak the feet in white vinegar or Epsom salts daily. If it doesn't improve or you see red streaks going up your leg see a doctor immediately.
729900	What are safe drugs to use for anxiety. After reading about ativan and Xanax they sound like bad drugs.
?	Therapy often better Yes, tranquilizers are bad for anxiety. They're addictive & don't teach you how to deal w the feelings, just medicate them away. Many therapies, while more work, are much more effective in long term improvement for anxiety. What treatment is best depends on the type of anxiety you have. Consult a therapist specializing in anxiety. Ssris are called antidepressants but can be useful along w therapy.
548891	I have had weakness, numbness, & tingling on my right side (arm, leg, face) for about 2 months. Brain & spinal MRI came back normal. What could it be?	Consider these: If this is intermittent, could be due to a migraine equivalent aura, and perhaps this is "classical migraine". Rarely, multiple sclerosis is missed on standard mri's, and flair or dir approaches, or even spinal fluid analysis could explain. This can be elusive early on, and many different disorders could be playing a role. Believe you can uncover with a knowledgable neurologist at your side.
951393	3rd UTI in a month + lots of blood in urine (sometimes macro, sometimes microscopic). Bladder ultrasound came back normal. Should i see a urologist?	See below Is kidney ultrasound normal? Frank blood is not common with uti. Did you really have an infection, or was it asssumed? Sometimes bleeding from the kidney called gomerulonephritis can present like your case see a nephrologist.
502555	2 days ago i shaved the hair around my vagina. I used a scented shaving cream. I've been itchy & bleeding but it's not my period.  What should I do?	Try hydrocortisone You might be allergic to the shaving cream -- if it's an allergy the Hydrocortisone cream should make it less itchy within an hour.
6723716	Watery green diarrhea and sour stomach yesterday sour stomach with nausea vomited once eating and drinking fine no fever no chills just stomach & naus?	Gastroenteritis The combination of diarrhea and nausea or vomiting is usually due to a viral gastrointestinal infection or food poisoning. In either case the condition resolves after a few days without specific treatment except light diet,rest,adequate fluid intake,and drinking flat ginger ale which helps nausea. Obviously if symptoms don't resolve or worsen, have an examination by your physician.
1605575	Extreme head ache on right side behind eye and back of skull, feels like a basketball in my skull pounding against brain? Could it be a migraine or?	Yes, but.... you may me describing a migraine but if this is a new headache for you then you need to see your doctor to check for more serious issues first.
6745725	I use Albuterol & Ipratropium Bromide in my nebulizer and I used it this morning 1 1/2 later I started coughing awful. My inhaler stopped it. Reason?	MDIs spacer An inhaler with a spacer device is an effective and efficient way to deliver aerosolized asthma medications. The nebulizer may be used, but sometimes the medication delivery can be sub optimal.
6675287	I had T.B which caused pulmonary fibrosis in my upper left lungs. will it have future implications?	Depends That depends on the severity of the scarring and the severity depends on how long the TB was present before it was treated. Ask your doctor how bad it is and ask for pulmonary function testing if more than mild.
6723712	2months ago my Son got stomatitis sore Trough fever neck lymphNode enlargement&Parotitis.Lost appetite.mono test neg.He recovered but lost weight now.	Herpangina? This may be an infection with the coxsackie virus. It's miserable, affects the back of the throat with blisters / little ulcers, and is something one simply has to recover from. Vigorous physical exercise may be a big help right now. Best wishes.
564443	Sore nipples , fatigue, nausea, fullness in abdomen , late period lighter and shorter than normal. Neg pregnancy test a week ago. Pregnant?	Yes You could be pregnant and the test has not had sufficient time in which to become positive. But many other things could be responsible for your symptoms. If they keep up and you are retested negatively, go see an ob/gyn.
1578938	on 450mg wellbutrin, 2mg of mirapex for depression. I do not have rls/parkinsons. Mirpex cause bad insomnia.  Sinemet might be be better option?	Probably not if you do not have Parkinsonism Or rls. I am not sure why you would need mirapex or simemet in combo with Wellbutrin. All 3 are dopamine agonists and could contribute to insomnia. I have used mirtazepine or paroxetine in combination with Wellbutrin. Both are antidepressants and usually sedating, but discuss with prescribing doc. There may be some other reason you are on the mirapex
518654	I have pregnancy symptoms after 6 days of unprotected sex. My breast hurt badly. Could i be pregnant? White discharge from vagina w/ odor what to do?	Possibly You always have to rule out pregnancy. Get a home pregnancy test. They should turn positive about the time you're a week late. If it's negative, repeat it and call your doctor.
1269976	This require urgent attn? I have a 2-3mm elevated mole like. Skin color/whitish, shaved over by error so looks grown.Itchy, soft.Is it kind of melanoma?	Not on the internet I am sorry but that is impossible to answer without examination and perhaps biopsy. Please go see your physician.
6710115	Doc my srotum has a dimple in it and when my testicles are relaxed they lay face down why might that be?	Probably normal The scrotal skin is normally dimpled. The will vary among individuals. If you're concerned, see your primary care provider for an exam. Hope this helps!
376548	I'm a sexually active 15 teen year old. And i'm really worried that I am pregnant. My boyfriend and i had sex about 5 days ago, and my period has not come yet. When we had sex, he used a condom and "pulled out" ten minutes before he ejaculated. I first go	I agree with Dr. Rutledge and think you should think long and hard about being sexually active. Condoms are not the best means of contraception. If you do plan to be intimate, meet with an ob/gyn and consider using 2 means of contraception or a safer method (none are 100 %) at 15 you are too young to be a parent.
1154897	Menstrual cycle 5 days late but have tender breasts, sore abdomen and diarrhea. Took pregnancy test but negative. Could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1294624	9 weeks after contact doc said i was 100% not pregnant when he did transvaginal us.Few days later blood test hCG less than 1, its not poss im pregnant rite	Not pregnant If your bhcg was less than 5 then you are not pregnant. You did not need to wait 9 weeks. A urine pregnancy test could have been done about 2 weeks after sexual intercourse and if negative then that meant you were not pregnant.
574817	Having severe pain in my abdomen right below middle of rib cage! i don't have a gall bladder it was removed in 2005 what could it be!	Many things Gastritis, muscle pain, acid reflux are a few things that come to mind. Diagnosis of abdominal pain is complicated and requires a lot more information besides location.
1036905	I had surgery to removed a cyst a few weeks ago. I had minor bleeding after the surgeon removed staples from my chest today. Should i be worried?	not really I suspect you either bled a bit from the staple line itself, or had a small hematoma evacuation. Keep it covered, just to protect your clothes, until there's no more drainage . If it persists, notify the surgeon, but i'm confident it will be self limited. Good luck.
1128352	Face feels hot, cold chills, tight throat, fatigue, upset stomach, diarrhea, shoulder/neck aches, brain fog, congestion, but no fever?	Rest. Sounds like you have the flu. If it is viral, you may only have low grade fever or sometimes none at all. O to bed, take 650 mg of tylenol every 4 hours for the aches and pains, gargle with warm salt water, drink lots of fluids, chicken broth and just rest. Hopefully, it is just the one day flu.
619368	Breast biopsy revealed fibroadenoma in oct 2011 - another lump developed seemingly as result of biopsy. Hematoma? Family history of bc on both sides.	Hematoma. Cutting needle core biopsy can cause internal bleeding at the site of biopsy; this is common, and causes a lump that shrinks slowly and turns into fibrous scar over time. If it starts out large, the lump can be permanent. On the other hand, cancer can occur so vigilance is important. At age 24, breast cancer is very very rare, but as you get older, screening will become more important.
754721	Blood test results =ldh is high 619, CPK ok, anf  +iv, RA factor n CRP -iv, anticcp ok, WBC 4.7, i've muscle n joint pain and fatigue, suggestions plz?	See your doctor A LDL of the level you have listed is concerning. Further studies need to be performed. This requires a comprehensive medical evaluation.
1111262	2 months headache on right side mucus feeling in throat pain behind eyes strange feeling on scalp around temple and ear constant mucus in nose ideas?	Allergies? You may have nasal allergies that are triggering sinus congestion and therefore headaches, you may need to see an allergist.
938170	Had ACL surgery a couple years ago can't put any weight on kneeand when knee is flexed a bunch of cracking n poppin n sum pain comes with it?	Some thing wrong To have this symptoms indicate some wrong in the knee, also cracking indicate the same things.
1260447	Face got really itchy and swollen from a cleanser i used so i took so Benadryl but my face is still dry, should I use calamine lotion or hydrocortisone?	Hydrocortisone Hydrocortisone will hasten the healing but calamine may reduce the itching. You may need both.
1443970	I've been having tightness in my throat like if someone was choking me, and my endocrinologist did an ultrasound and it's fine. Could it be allergies?	Possible Do you have allergies? Itchy watery eyes, runny nose, nasal stuffiness, sneezing? Tightness in the throat can be associated. Take Claritin daily for a week and see if it helps. Other possibilities: acid reflux, globus (anxiety).
342470	Had CT scan to check dissected carotid artery.  Said it was gone but still i had pain one day on top of head. Why?	Headaches Your headaches could be coming from tension, eye strain, tooth grinding, dehydration, lack of sleep/poor sleep, skipping meals, stress, sleep apnea/snoring, or chronic sinus problems.
317390	Is 500 mg of amoxicyline enough to cure a  dental abscess?	No Treating symptoms not source. antibiotics will not get to the inside of a tooth. See a dentist/root canal specialist
1053684	Sore painful tooth, sore jaw and swollen glands on same side.  Will antibiotics help?  There is no swelling of the gums or around the tooth.	Yes with ibuprofen Yes with ibuprofen.
477185	When can I go back to playing sports after arthroscopy? After my knee arthroscopy, when will i be able to go back to playing soccer?  

.	Yes You should be able to return to sports when fully recovered.
391213	Can you get c-diff without a colon? My fiance is in the hospital right now. He's having serve diarrhea, stomach pain, and headache along with extreme nausea. The doctor said that he has c-diff but the thing is he got his entire colon removed back in 2010.	Not usually C diff affects the colon specifically and not the small intestine. If he had no colon does he have ileostomy? If he has rectum than that can get infected.
1262798	Had ovulation on my left ovary and one functional cyst on my rite ovary from which alrdy bleedin hpnd last thursdy, why i still hav not got my periods?	Irregular periods Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1372268	Got bad hives yesterday a.m on my legs/butt and a couple on arms. Am on predisone/ benadryl. Can cigarettes cause this? i just started smoking again.	Cigs &amp; hives? While it pains me to say this, it's unlikely that cigarette smoking is the source of your hives. It sounds like you have some conditions that would lead us to believe that you are prone to atopy/allergy. Best to ring your doc to determine what the cause of your hives is! I know this wasn't your q, but if you feel ready, you may also want to think about discussing smoking cessation. Be well :)
1141132	I have a pituitary prolactinoma and I have been having throbbing head aches on the top left side of my head. It hurts so bad. Could it be the tumor?	It depends on size Tumors inside the head/brain can cause headaches but only when they are larger than one cm. Most prolactinomas are smaller than that. You should ask your endocinologist or neurologist to help you to find the cause. It could easily be migraine headaches especially if the headache only affects one half of your head.
514833	Have chills, body pains, cough, dull head ache. Had fever until yesterday (101). Strep test -ve. Flu test -ve. Is this viral? Or bacterial?	Viral If your fever has gone away it sounds like you are getting better. If you are actually getting worse, the swelling in the throat is worsening or the high fever returns, ask your doctor for a throat culture.
944355	I've had on and off shoulder, neck, knee pain, as well as migraines for several years. I can't afford extensive tests and doctors appts. Suggestions?	Chronic pain syndrom You needs an evaluation for a chronic pain syndrome and need to be evaluated for fibromyalgia.
797777	I have a hard painful (when pressed)  large pea sized lump under my left jaw bone under my ear, what could this be?	Swollen lymph gland This is likely a swollen lymph gland. It should go away in a week or two. If it does not, see an physician.
1201887	Is recurrent lymph node swelling a concern. A years time random swellings. The same one under the right ear swells. About the size of two quarters.	Sounds okay Lymph nodes that swell and then regress are just doing their job. One that large is unusual but by no means extraordinary. If they are very hard, attached to the surrounding structures, or if you have obvious signs of illness (fever, weight loss, night sweats), then a biopsy might be in order. Otherwise, the lymph node is your friend and deserves to be left alone.
911558	What gets done first, cavities filled or wisdom teeth pulled?	It depends It depends on the size of the cavity and why the wisdom teeth need to be pulled. I usually make recommendations to my patients and let them decide which needs to be out first. If the cavity you have is close to the nerve, get the filling done so that the cavity does not reach the nerve. If it does, then you'll have to pay for a root canal.
1592736	My son is 5 and has strep and a ear infect. He switched from amoxicillin to augmentin  a day and a half later, he's had a fever since yesterday,why?	Viral Infection? It is possible that the augmentin has not had enough time to kick in yet. I usually wait 3 days on 1 antibiotic before switching to a new one. However, it is also possible that your child has a secondary viral infection which will not respond to antibiotics and just needs to run its course. If the fever persists over the next day or two, you may want your child's doctor to reevaluate him.
6757762	I have bad body aches, 99 degree fever, but no sore throat or congestion. What could it be? Could it be mosquito related, or flu?	See below It's not possible to tell from the information provided if you may have a mild viral illness(common cold) or a more serious infection. See a physician for fever over 103F or if 101-102.9 for more than 2 days, or If not feeling better after several days, or sooner if feeling worse. Tylenol or ibuprofen for comfort.
604018	Will my hair ever grow? I have had the same bald spot on each side of my head my whole life. I feel like I have tried everything to get hair to grow.	No Most likely you suffer from alopecia areata. .I had a patient who benefited from an herbal shampoo, i believe garnier.
1530807	My son has a rash on his legs that started as a few small red bumps that looked like bug bites. They were very itchy and they have now spread to both ?	A photo would help. Bug bites do not spread but scabies does. Have him examined please.
1168952	I have asthma. Been on prednisone, albuterol,  an antibiotic for a week. Still feel im having a hard time getting air. Dr says oxygen sat is good 97%?	Oxygen saturation... ...Is not a good indicator of breathing difficulty - it only goes down near complete collapse. Peak flow meters give a much better idea, spirometry better yet.
727618	Lighter than normal periods this cycle.On metformin and ttc on Clomid 100 mg also hypothyroid (under control).Sore breasts.. Chances of pregnancy?	Pregnancy test It is hard to say. Thyroid conditions can cause abnormal periods. You would need to take a pregnancy test, over the counter or better yet with your doctor to determine pregnancy.
796820	Hi lamectal causes me to have muscle cramps in my legs. Will Trileptal do the same.	Muscle cramp These are uncommon side effects of these medications. Although it is possible i think is unlikely. Unfortunately, the only way to find out is. By trying the medication. Hope you feel well soon.
945001	What does constant discharge mean no STDs or bladder infection.  Enlarged uterus tho and three months late for period and not pregnant?	See an OB/GYN It sounds as if you are already seeing a doctor. If they are not an ob/gyn specialist would see one, and if they are, address these questions to them since they have examined you and have all your medical history available. If they do not answer your questions satisfactorily get a second opinion. Good luck.
485617	Had knee replacement 4 years ago.  Fell on my knee-immediate swelling.  Iced consistently.  8 days later cannot bend knee or flex it.  Is this serious?	It can be serious A fall could cause various injuries. You have a effusion which is swelling & fluid in the knee. This will cause difficulty motion and can usually be treated conservatively or by aspirating the fluid. However with the limited information provided, more serious injuries are possible such as a fracture or ligament injury. To be safe i would make an appointment to get evaluated by a physian.
6740588	I was stung by a wasp today on my hand. It's been seven hours and its red, hot and swollen. It itches a lot. I never remember a stng being so swollen?	Insect bite It is not unusual to have swelling and feeling hot. It shows more especially if it is on the back of your hands. It will subside with time. Icing and anti histamine and anti inflammatory medicine might help.
1162897	I often have low albumin, low globulin and low total protein on quarterly blood work. Sle patient. Is this the lupus? Can I do anything to improve?	Nutrition? Could be inadequate nutrition, liver disease or immunosuppression.
1599960	Holter,ecg,stress echo,thyroid function normal. So what would my heart palpitations be or is it just anxiety and y can I see my heart beat in chest?	Palpitation Sx Palpitations are an awareness of extra heartbeats which most of us have. The sensation can be single or multiple and can sometimes last minutes. Different people may feel other symptoms along with them such as dizzy, lightheaded or short of breath. The palpitations are almost always atrial or ventricular premature beats. Usually benign but they are also found with abnormal hearts.
920091	I didn't have a bowel movement in 6 days then had diarrhea now have soft worm like stool 5 times a day feel unevacuateuated can it be fecal impaction?	Constipation You have paradoxical diarrhea where you have liquid to soft stool bypassing an obstruction caused by your hard constipated stool. Enemas are in order to get good and cleaned out.
528962	What are symptoms of current stomach flu going around besides vomiting and diarrhea?   What is most effective to feel better	See the sxs. Below Other sxs. Include low grade fever to begin with, but can get upto 104f; sneezing, coughing, pharyngitis, weakness, fatigue, malaise, anorexia, pneumonia with sob or pleuritic chest pain, nasal discharge, ear infection, prostration, dehydration;etc. Treatment, may include, acyclovir, an antiviral; antibiotics; IV hydration, hand washing; keeping separate towels, covering mouth & future vaccination.
1596927	Have a vaginal smell and a bump on lip of vagina is it the soap I use I don't put soap down there only when I wash chest area it goes down vagina I have no herpes or STD it hurts when I'm sitting down?	Vaginal lump Soap doesn't cause a vaginal lump which may be a cyst. See your Physician or gynecologist for evaluation.
6756589	Ive been feeling dizzy and now I found a large mass in the back of my head and in my neck and by left ear
?	Vertigo/ neck mass There is not enough info to give you a diagnosis but I would recommend that you start witha visit to your PCP to start with an exam and order some site directed imaging. Thereafter it can be determined who is best to treat this either ENT or another type of surgeon or specialist.
1401449	Pain started in ear now hurts in ear, jaw, teeth, neck, cheek, head on one side. Hurts same side when swallow. Trigeminal neuralgia?  possibilities?	Trigeminal anatomy True trigeminal neuralgia is a sudden intense pain over a portion of the face lasting a few seconds at most, and likely immobilizing the victim. Your description suggests a different process, perhaps a TMJ, or dental issue such as an abscessed tooth. Start with your dentist first, and see if you can find answers.
877542	Seizures(about 5) for the last 6 mo., rapid heart rate, chest pain directly between breasts, dizziness daily, dehydration, and head aches. Any ideas?	?epilepsy? Are these "non-epileptic seizures", as I do not see usual anti-epileptic meds. I too am concerned regarding cardiac status, and your symptoms, and agree with need to get properly diagnosed and subsequently treated.
1319183	Which blood tests should be carried out by a GP before recommending the pt to a rheum if any autoimmune disease is suspected, spc. lupus or RA?	See details ANA, CCP antibody, sed rate and CRP are the basic tests.
534065	Trying to conceive. Had light period. Brown discharge with  blood spotting continues after period ends along with breast tenderness .Please help	Possibly pregnant? Purchase and perform the home pregnancy test. They become positive at about the same time you are a week late. If it's negative, repeat it in one week ANS see your doctor.
1186029	I have constipation bloating gas at times my stool is long and thin or pebles when i poop my colon expan and it makes pee how can u kill that parasit?	Chronic constipation Think about your colon! it moves that heavy load of old stool. Help it with a bowel regimen, to get 2 soft bowel movements daily. Hydrate with water, tea, juice up to 1.5 l daily, fiber tablets, probiotics, laxatives (milk of magnesium or miralax), stool softeners, and walking make up best bowel regimens. If you have fever or vomiting, get evaluated with your doc. Colonoscopy age 50.
540660	How quickly does endometriosis comes back after having laparoscopy?	Depends 1. How extensive was disease? 2. What technique was used to remove disease -->ablation? -->excision? For either technique, disease is often left behind, particularly microscopic disease and is generally recommended to use post-operative medical therapy (adjuvant) like lupron-danocrine to burn away any residual disease.
1268141	I have tingling followed by a burning sensation on my left cheek, which last for a  hour. Had it for  a week now?	Neuralgia Tingling and burning symptoms are typically nerve based in nature. This may be an isolated neuralgia that self resolves. If it persists it may be a form of trigeminal (fifth nerve) neuralgia, a pain condition that can be treated with nerve pain medications. A MRI of the brain may be recommended if symptoms are persistent.
339062	My son has a small bump on the bottom of his lip.  I think he  transferred a form of his planters wart from his hand. How can this be treated in this sensitive area?	See a dermatologist Without seeing this "bump" it is impossible to diagnose, and to suggest treatment without a clear diagnosis would be very bad practice. Have your son seen by a professional and let them make suggestions for treatment. Hope this clears up soon.
939085	This is only my first finger on my left hand. It's red, swollen, and has several small bumps on the top. It hurts it is tinkling, pin needles, throbbing?	See your doctor asap It sounds like you have an infection and you need to see a doctor asap and get treatment. .
203910	Cough/mucus in chest. Can't expel without stridor/asthma attack. On amox/prednisone 3 days. Mucus not better. Are more meds/tests needed?	Depends on why What to do next depends on the reason you are ill. If you have a viral infection, antibiotics won't work; influenza is not prevalent this time of year so looking for it won't help. If you have pneumonia, Prednisone isn't helping, but you might cough for a week after the infection is gone. If you have post nasal drip you need nasal steroids and saline rinses. Go back to your doc and try again.
1311151	I suspect I have gallbladder problems, intermittent pain for 1yr, sharp underneath right shoulder, pain lower right ribs, nausea, stomach cramps, tired?	Possibly Have the problem evaluated and then you will know. Also, stop the Ibuprofen as ulcer symptoms can be similar to gall bladder symptoms.
1223663	Why does my palm still feel bruised and swollen and my wrist hurts almost a year after surgery? I also have pain that travels down my thumb?	Not all surgery work If you have not seen the doctor that did the carpal tunnel surgery then go back. Rheumatoid arthritis could make surgery more complicated it depends. You may need repeat nerve test. Should see person who did carpal tunnel release.
1223660	I get a feeling like i can't breath after i drink about 2 glass of water. I had EKG chest X-ray blood work could it be my heart? Or something else	SOB after 8oz H20 Probably drinking too much water in short period of time causing stomach expansion. Drink water more slowly over many hours of the day.
681284	If it says for me to use vinegar for a home remedy for a yeast infection, would it be ok to use apple cider vinegar?	Probably yes, But better take a medication.
1115399	For what reason are there no white blood cells in urine with urinary tract infection?	Unlikely to be the Case. Only the extreme case of a person with profound leukopenia may one not see white blood cells in urine with urinary tract infection. White cells may not be seen if the urine was not preserved properly and the WBC disintegrated.
6648477	In the case of genital herpes, how long do the inguinal lymph nodes remain swollen after initial infection? Can they stay swollen for many weeks?	Possibly the lymph nodes could stay swollen for weeks especially with the initial infection.
1319231	Frequent headaches for 10 years, 2 weeks tingling in lower legs and arms. Last night dizzy while sitting down. Brain tumor? Or due to stress?	Headaches The headaches for the past 10 years make a brain tumor unlikely. Albeit a small slow growing mass could manifest this way. The dizziness and the tingling in the arms and legs are nonspecific and require a careful history and physical examination. An MRI of the brain and cervical spine may be indicated. A neurologist can help with headaches and better define the cause of the dizziness and tingling.
584272	I've had a sore throat for 10 days now. No fever, but I have typical flu like symptoms. Strep test came back negative. What can I do?	It may be a virus Most sore throat are caused by virus. They usually go away after a few days, even without any treatment or with only pain medicine.
1187732	I have missed my period, feel dizzy, headaches, diarrhea, and nauseous. However i took a pregnancy test and it was negative. What could be wrong?	Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. if you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
6608879	Chronic pain and stiffness in my knees,elbows and low back. Tested for arthritis and it's not that. I'm 6'6 and this has been going on for years?	I can believe that you ...don't have arthritis at age 20 and am happy that you don't have it. However, I am certain that you're NOT an enigma therefore, SOMETHING's going on and needs to be nailed down...and it's not JUST growing pains...you've grown! LOL- I believe you may benefit from sharing results of "tests" that've been done with X-rays/CT's etc. uploaded. Send message if you'd like: www.healthtap.com/drsaghafi
106934	Do they still make that sticky tape you put on your nose to help prevent snoring?	Breathe Right "breathe right strips" are placed on the fleshy part of your nose just below the bone and this keeps the soft tissue (cartilage) from collapsing when you breathe. This allows you to breathe better through your nose. Which if you snore because of nasal airway obstruction, well help decrease snoring. But not if the problem is elsewhere. Its worth a shot if you are open to using them every night.
888941	Bleeding for 5days straight 2 weeks after period with cramping. Gets worst with excises and sex first month off of Depo-Provera shot.  What could cause this?	Depo Most likely withdrawal from depo-provera. It will get better, but you may be irregular for the next 6 months at least.
1597741	Recurring itchy blister on side of breast. Same spot,Happens when hot- responds to hydrocortisone immed- dr said was fine- mammogram was normal. Help?	Blister on breast Most skin problems related to being hot on the breast are from a yeast over growth. Many women have chronic yeast overgrowth under their breasts. Hydrocortisone will make just about anything better for a while as it decreases the itching. Mammograms at your age are hard to read due to the density of the tissue. The next time you have the spot visit a dermatologist. It would be best to see spot.
547360	My knee gets a swollen bit that i can sorta move near the top of it if bent too much, elbows get sore often & i'm "double jointed." do my joints suck?	Evaluation I would suggest evaluation by a physician and possibly undergoing laboratory tests and x-rays.
1263446	I have had heart palpitations and now getting a strong pulse intermittently into my ear neck and ankle, plus constant shoulder & neck pain , tummy pai?	See doctor You need to discuss your symptoms with your physician. Your symptoms may be cardiac in origin and warrant further evaluation.
1209505	.My mum had breast cancer at 35.My aunty had cervical cancer early 30s she had it 3 times.I have got pimple with fluid and lump under the nipple sore?	May need evaluation Cervical cancer comes usually from hpv related dysplasia and is not related to breast cancer. Breast cancers would not usually present as pimples, though lesions of the deeper ducts can cause bloody drainage from the nipple and should be evaluated by a breast or general surgeon if that is the case. Mastitis and breast abscess are common conditions and can be treated with drainage or antibiotics.
212777	My specialist is trying to find the cause of my asthma. I am on singulair and qvar. I now have reflux along with the asthma. How do I know which one caused which?	Not on GERD Med Try also treating the gerd - if that reduces the need for or amount of the other meds, you have gerd or it is a contributing factor.
6645107	I don't take Sudafed because it makes me feel jittery. What else can I try OTC or home remedy to relieve sinus congestion/achiness/ pressure?	You can try oral antihistamines such as Benadryl, Chlortrimeton, Zyrtec, Claritin, Allegra, etc, or nasal spray such as Afrin or neosynephrine, Also use a vaporizer to increase humidity. Avoid dehydration by taking plenty of fluids. If these don't work, it is time to see a doctor.
126258	My 7 month old is on amoxicillin. He has a slight fever, can I give him tylenol?	Yes But if the fever does not seem to be bothering him, do nothing. Fever may be beneficial in helping to fight infection. Often we treat our own anxiety by giving children medication which may not be needed. If, however, he is restless, inconsolable, not feeding well, crying and irritable, trying a pediatric dose of tylenol is fine.
1412257	Would TURMERIC Shrink uterine fibroids?i'M Anemic due to fibroids,does turmeric THINS BLOOD? Can i take iron & turmeric at the same time or different.	Turmeric I wouldn't trust turmeric to shrink your fibroids- although the herb is reputed to be anti inflammatory. There are animal studies that show an effect. I think it's better to see a gyn or talk with your primary doc to manage. There shouldn't be any interaction with iron pills. Why not try to get some of that iron through the diet? - dark green veggies, raisins, prunes, dark chocolate etc..take care
6703115	I was hit on the left side off my face my jaw and ear hurts and when i open my mouth my jaw hurts the side off my head hurts by the temple its tender ?	See a doctor I would recommend a visit to a dentist or oral surgeon to evaluate your jaw
729706	Can excedrine migraine be taken daily for constant bad headaches affecting right eye? Doctor said eyes look fine.	Possible rebound If you are having daily headaches, would recommend seeing your primary doctor for help with medications to prevent headaches. Daily use of over-the-counter headache medications can cause "rebound" headaches.
1347814	I'm 17 female I've dyed my hair a lot and I have had 3 CT scans  I'm scared that I'm gonna get brain cancer?	Increased Risk No good data on whether hair dye increases cancer risk; best answer: almost certainly not. CT scans are another story. There is increased risk of radiation-caused cancer from CT scans. The risk is very low but not zero. A CT is a highly sophisticated Xray which uses the same type of radiation. Doctors have begun to move away from CT where possible, but sometimes CT is the only imaging study
1110619	Can a severe urinary tract infection cause body aches and swollen lymph nodes under arm pits?	No A urinary tract infection could cause bodyaches, but i doubt it would be responsible for enlarged axillary lymph nodes. More than likely some other condition is going on to account for these lymph nodes. Conditions can co-exist together. Look for something other than UTI to explain the nodes.
94751	Pain upper left near ribs. Fluttery on right near ribs. Nausea.Sensitive breasts.Pelvic discomfort/pain. Dark areas on areola.
 Negp 10 days ago?	Need more info Is pregnancy possible? What are you using for contraception? 10 days ago could have been too early for a pregnancy test to be positive yet. What are you using for contraception? There is always a concern about a possible tubal pregnancy. You also could have been exposed to hormones in something. I would advise you to see your doctor for an exam.
6770912	I'm 17, and a few days ago saw/felt a swollen lymph node in my neck. Today i realized that my armpit and groin had swollen lymph noded as well.	Possibly viral if you have other symptoms such as fever , aches, malaise. Check with a private doctor to have definitive tests, especially if you noted enlarged nodes suddendly without any associated pain, tenderness or apparent illness. The cause need to be known because most causes are treatable. In your age, mononucleosis is prime suspect but you need to be seen.
1296080	Mucinex not helping chest congestion sounds like i'm snoring when i breath clears with deep coughs then comes back after few min.	Chest xray and ov You need to get a chest xray and an office vist, to differentiate between pneumonia and bronchitis. Your doctor also may want to put you on antibiotics for a short course.
303112	Can a shellfish allergy cause swelling of the lymph nodes in the neck? Left side under ear lobe/had a lot of shrimp?	No Shellfish allergy will not cause lymph node swelling.
611011	Why shouldn't i worry bout a tumor or bleed to the brain after having a mri&ct 5mths ago? I'm scared for this so bad nobody understands my head feels	Afraid it missed em? If your question is whether or not a tumor or bleed is there now after having had scans that did not show them 5 mos ago, then the answer is very likely no. A tumor in someone without a known cancer is unlikely to develop without symptoms in that short time. If you are not having symptoms then its very rare to have a bleed or a tumor that would show up on scans. Talk to md about managing anxiety.
6695110	If I know I treated my chlamydia and haven't had sex/sexual contact with anyone since; could my vaginal itching simply be a yeast infection?	Yesyes yes or something STDs are resistant to one antibiotic get check for STDs and Vaginitis
918236	What can cause autonomic neuropathy when they can't find a cause ? Sounds stupid but I have had so many test with no cause to be found ?	You medicines The cause is the medication as I have told you in several notes to you and I have shown you a web site that lists the complications of atenolol . More tests are not the answer, get off the med and find another doctor to take care of you without the bad medicine.
1541588	Found a small hard lump on joint of middle right finger, palm side (where hand meets finger).  Slightly painful if pushed.  ?	Few possibilities+ How long do you have this. Can be a viral wart, implantation dermoid- a small cyst around a foreign body (like a spinter), a small ganglion -which arises from a tendon sheath or from extrusion of a joint capsule , a potential early abscess are the possibilities. Consult a hand surgeon/ortho /general surgeon and get opinion if it is not a wart. If itis wart your PCP himself/herself can treat.
644365	Last week my bf ejaculated in me and i took the pill next choice. Im also on birth control .Today im nausea and have a major headache. What can it be?	Why both If you're on effective birth control, why take Next Choice in addition? It's possible, but unlikely, that that's what's causing your symptoms. Could also be anxiety. Don't take two meds for the same thing, it's unnecssary and potentially toxic.
6698196	I am experiencing some form of bladder infection. Symptoms: Pain during urination, brown spotting, abdomen pain, occasional back pain. No acess to doc?	May need antibiotics If your symptoms are indeed caused by a UTI, you should be started on an antibiotic. This will require a prescription and could be managed thru a consult on HealthTap. In the meantime, increase your fluid intake, avoid caffeine and alcohol and use cranberry and/or blueberry juice to decrease bacterial adherence to to lining of the urinary tract. You may find OTC products to help with the pain.
1532407	Discomfort in throat (not really sore,) looks like tonsil stones in deep tonsillar crypt, red throat, swollen tonsils, swollen/painful lymph nodes?	Cryptic Tonsils You have what are called cryptic tonsils. They have folds and holes in them that food particles get stuck in. You can gargle deeply or use a water pick to help get the particles out, but ultimately the treatment is to remove the tonsils. This is done if they are constantly or recurrently inflamed or infected, if one has severe bad breath.
1099939	My left tonsil is sore and swollen and i also have a small hard sore bump below my left ear on my jaw. Is it tonsillitis and the bump is a lymphnode?	Several possible Reasons. In case this is an infection, it would be best to get it checked out in person.
855263	I had a tubal ligation 2 years ago. My period is 3 1/2 weeks late, mild cramping (for about 2 weeks), and extreme fatigue. Breasts sore. Any ideas?	Need to R/O pregnanc Tubal can fail assuming not preg , u need blood work, an exam and ultrasound.
645481	What could cause thick dark discharge @ beginning of period headache nausea & severe cramps? I'm not sexually active & on pill 4 3 yrs 4 adenomyosis.	The adenomyosis Adenomyosis is endometriosis in the walls of the uterus. That can cause the symptoms you describe. It is also associated with endometriosis itself, which would add to the symptoms you experience.
1394036	I had numbness in my right hand and fingers for three days and now it's moved into my left thumb as well.  Should I be concerned?	See doctor It may be a nerve compression so see your doctor.
382289	I have a hernia on my groin and I have basketball tryouts today. Is it safe for me to tryout? Its on my right side and its really close to the crease where my thigh meets my vagina	This This is a general surgery question not orthopedics. You should consult a general surgeon to discuss the situation. It is not common for a female to have an inguinal hernia. The canal being smaller may put you at a higher risk of incarceration of the hernia. That would be an emergency situation.
848525	I read on google that exccessive masturbation link with hair loss, because DHT hormons  produced in excitment of sexuly activity, is that true?	No No. Please see your dermatologist for evaluation. This way you can find out what the real cause is for your hair loss.
1421687	On period. Nausea & jittery. No appetite. Pain in lower right ab. No fever. Sweating palms and feeling warm. small headache at back of head.	OB/GYN You should be seen quickly and evaluated. This sounds as if it has the potential to be severe and needs assessment by an experienced clinician. Go and be seen and hope you are better soon.
259996	Toxoplasmosis: IgG results positive156 - (igm negative - 0, 15 with lab range of less than 0, 9 = neg). Is this infection more than 4 months old ?	Probably. The immunology results you describe are most consistent with a remote infection - should not be a problem for a current pregnancy. Talk to your maternal-fetal medicine expert for additional details in your particular case, and avoid all contact with cat litter boxes throughout your pregnancy (and beyond). Also, avoid all undercooked meat!
1465705	There's a soft small purple thing near my auns it has been there for 3 years never changed and no pain and 2 moles could it be skin cancer?	See MD What you are describing may be a varicose vein (like a hemorrhoid). Best to have area examined by your doctor or a colorectal surgeon. What you can do currently is avoid constipation--eat more fiber and drink more water. Do not strain at stooling.
239021	I have pimples on my vagina but they don't hurt, just itch sometimes. Is it most likely a yeast infection?	No What you have is most likely skin disorder caled moluskum or warts (condylomata) see a doctor.
1580878	Was RX Linzess cause bleeding hemorrhoids & IBS but my stools are usually like soft serve ice cream texture not hard.  Is this right? Strain sometimes	No Linzess is not known to do that. But it is a newer drug.....you may be the first one. Use sietz bath and hemorrhoid suppository.
552729	How to soothe a burning itching irritating vagina? I have a red burning itching vagina it seems like this happenes before my period will vagisil help?	Vinegar and see Try taking a bath and add several tablespoons of white vinegar to the water. Vinegar is astringent and works wonders.
6633543	Worry? Mostly normal stool then a few small black stool that float lots or rumbling in stomach as if I'll have gas then none, bloated, feel sick often	Any black of very dark maroon colored stool ( sticky, foul smelling)should be tested for blood. Take the specimen in for testing.Try not to contaminate with urine.The best way is to get directly from the toilet paper and not fish it out of the toilet.Sorry for the graphic nature of my comments,but hey,it's ok ,I'm a doctor.??
1527639	I have tiny white bumps around my breasts, not pregnant, but I missed my period for a month. They look  larger around my nipples what is this?	Could be Montgomery glands if on nipples and areola.
273386	Green veins in breasts, nausea, taking prenatal vitamins, cloudy mucus like discharge, period due in less than two weeks.Cramping. Pregnant? When test?	Well... I am unable to address the many symptoms, but if you skip your period do an otc pg test 7/14 days after the missed period.
1061385	Can TMJ also cause stiff neck?Jaw line aches, ringing in ears, stiff neck, slight vertigo jaw stiff but can move it fine.Jaw click/cracks is their help	Classic TMJ Classic TMJ symptoms. See a TMJ specialist. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
6741108	For about 2 months around my vagina hurts, I've avoided sex because of it.  At one point i thought I could feel a small lump but now i am not sure.  Now after I had sex I am bleeding quite a bit, bright red blood and i have some pelvic pain and pain near	Evaluation Its time to get evaluated by a gynecologist. This could be a lesion near the opening of the vagina, it could be infection as well. Might be a good idea to have the area evaluated a few hours after protected sex, so your gyn can see the area more clearly. And I do mean protected. Most gyn's do not appreciate the smell of semen during an exam.
360738	I have a plethora of symptoms: extreme faitgue, dry scalp, scaly lesions, numbness/tingling in the hands, swelling feet?	See derm A dermatologist can do a work up to find the cause. They may have other specialists help.
791334	Sexual intercourse done on the date of ovulation.After 14 days painful abdomen with gas and thick blood discharge lasted for 4 days. Pregnancy -ve why?	Statistics The chance of pregnancy in human during any given menstrual cycle is approximately 17% and it is not additive. It is always approximately 17% in any "normal" couple. So 83% of the time, even when everything is timed perfectly, pregnancy will not occur.
1075039	Ok i think I have a yeast infection i done a one day OTC treatment and was wondering how long til it starts to relieve the itching, burning and pain?	Depends... Most women think any vaginal discharge is a yeast infection. Most are actually not a yeast infection. There are a lot of other things that cause vaginal discharge, including bacterial vaginosis or even a normal fluctuation in hormones. If you try a yeast infection treatment and there is no relief of symptoms in a few days, then see your doctor for an accurate diagnosis.
526419	I went to my orthepedic doc for results of my MRI and he said that i've lost cartilage in my right knee due to arthritis he thinks i hve osteoporosis?	May B may B not The mr can show not cartilage but u need a special scan 2 c if u r osteoporotic . Most medical clinics have them if large enough. Otherwise go 2 the hospital. Takes a very short time & u will kno 4 sure.
407999	What might be wrong with my neck/back? Stabbing pain for more than 5 days.  First noticed when seated at computer, having been online for more than two hours.
Pain is consistent, does not respond to tylenol or advil.  Using ice packs makes negligible diff	You You may have strained the muscles/joints in your neck. I would recommend resting your neck, adjusting your computer screen so you do not have to look up or down, regular anti-inflammatory (discuss with your doctor what is safe for you) and hot shower and neck stretches once or twice a day. If this does not work then you should see your doctor for assessment and physical therapy. Stretching routine 1. Hot shower to loosen neck 2. Place neck in following positions and hold your head in that position with your hand. Relax your neck and slowly try to increase the stretch over days-weeks. Flex head forward x 30 secs extend head x 30 secs turn right x 30 secs turn left x 30 secs bend right x 30 secs bend left x 30 secs repeat 3 times. You may repeat this routine daily. Good luck!
1376994	Can left breast cysts be diagnosed without any mammogram or ultrasound imaging? If so why would I be put on 21 day course of mobec?	Breast cyst Sometimes the physical findings are characteristic, but the definitive diagnosis of cyst is made with ultrasound. Mammography not as useful...it usually can't tell the difference between a cyst and a solid nodule. Mobic is an NSAID analgesic/anti-inflammatory, it will not treat a breast cyst per se, but it will help alleviate pain.
1198294	A week ago-cut hard plastic. Achy. Armpit near implant is sore w/ 3 swollen lymph nodes. Taking nsaids. When do I need to see a dr. For antibiotics?	Soon I am not certain from your question if you have any history of disease in the lymph nodes, but any lymph node swelling that lasts more than a few days should be evaluated by a physician quickly. Please also make sure your mammogram is up to date.
1313376	I've swollen lymph nodes in neck & groin , night sweats , painful spleen - very heavy painful periods awaiting blood results.Am 37 is cancer likely?	Possibly Persistent lymph nodes can always be associated with lymphoma. A painful spleen suggesting rapid enlargement especially when associated with night sweats can also be a sign of lymphoma. Node biopsy is essential. Heavy periods are probably unrelated.
676800	It hard to swallow even when i drink water some time it hurt in chest no sore throat?	See Dr Need an exam and a swallowing study--either by a speech therapist or by a radiologist, depending on your exam and history. Do not put this off, it can cause many problems and may be reflective of a problem itself.
676803	What could be the white discharge i see around my vagina? It has no odor and its not itching. Im not doing any vaginal-penis intercourse.	Sounds like A yeast infection. See your doc.
6786632	I have a red spot on right breast- flat, no lump, about the size of a small pea. Not warm or painful, but concerned. What could this be?	Tough to tell without a PICTURE. ..Ask your question again but attach a picture ("yup a "selfie") Hope this helps! Dr Z
6716568	If someone smokes in house and your panties smell like cig smoke can it make your vagina have a bad odor?	No A bacterial vaginal infection will give your vagina a bad odor so have it evaluated.
6649683	Child had low fever yesterday and woke up itchy all over chest and neck area and has very puffy eyelids also has minor congestion no other symptoms?	Rash not enough information to go by. please have his primary care evaluate him.
1495967	I have small pimple like thing on my penis and scroutum. What are they.  Also my pubic bar is itchy and my legs have red patches on my groin?	Here are some ... What has made you have substantial imaging studies for a man at 17? Have those tests made a difference in how you've been treated? If so, that made sense; if not, they were unnecessary. But, what you described may most likely represent some hyperactive sebaceous glands of hair follicles, which will be with you forever and need no Rx as long as not hurting. Temporary way to ease itch is ...
6691127	What's wrong with me!? I've had weak hands and feet, tremors in hands, numbness/tingling in hands, feet, and legs. Trouble breathing and swallowing	Possibly anxiety Sometimes this constellation of symptoms can represent physical symptoms of anxiety, panic disorder, or severe stress. However it is important to see your doctor to rule out things like vitamin deficiencies (like B12, folic acid, or vit D), and other conditions like thyroid disorders.
1377641	I have recurring dizziness, nausea, and pressure in the left side of my head. Also some tingling in my left hand. What could it be?	Dizziness Problems with the left side of the brain would not affect the left hand as they control the right side. If your dizziness is vertigo, it could be caused by inner ear dysfunction. Nausea often accompanies the vertigo which is affected by motion of the head((labyrinthine vertigo). A neurologist would be qualified to evaluate,advise and treat you.
571569	Is changing positions during sex safe, or is this a easy way for a girl to get a bacterial infection through vagina, not an STD or yeast infection.	Intercourse Is safe.
1374596	What would cause a 5 second squiggly pain shoot from the top of left breast across chest towards armpit?  Nerve? Muscle? Heart?	Likely just a twinge however, if persists and recurs, all of the above must be considered durring your doctor visit. All the best.
1421062	I have anechoic cystic mass measures about 33mm in left ovary and I am pregnant of 3 months. Will it be problem during my delivery time.	Ovarian mass No it should not. May remnants of the follicle that released the egg that became fertilized. Not to worry. Hope this helps. Best of luck and congratulations on the pregnancy.
323185	Could i be pregnant i took test urine test one blood test both negative having bad period cramps and back pain my LP was aug 12 , 2012?	When were the tests Done? If the tests were done more than one week past the first missed period, you are not likely to be pregnant. Please consult your doctor for a repeat blood test and perhaps ultrasound examination as the latter may help in figuring out the reason for your abdominal pain also.
189003	I have a bump on my back that hurts like a pimple but it's not. It's red, about the size of a dime and hurts to touch.?	Infected cyst It is probably an infected cyst. A hot compress 3 times a day can help bring it to a head. If it is soft and feels like there is fluid in it, you should see a dermatologist to have it opened.
295988	I think i may be pregnant. I have a headache, gas, bloating, tender breasts, ect. I've taken two hpt, both neg. If i'm not pregnant then what's wrong?	See your doctor He/she can do a serum quantitative test and additional studies if needed to see what's wrong.
1593602	I have huge swollen gland under right chin where the jaw starts under ear, blood in mouth and burning upper back pain right sided, and dizziness :( ?	See a doctor Ugghh. .that all sounds miserable! The most concerning thing is the blood in the mouth. It sounds like you may have an abscess which is draining into the mouth, and affecting nerves nearby. This needs urgent attention! Please get in for evaluation now. Good luck!
983443	What does the "mycoplasma pneumoniae IgG IgM ab" test for?	See below A positive mycoplasma igm antibody would indicate a recent infection with this organism. If the igm antibody is negative and the mycoplasma igg antibody is positive this would indicate a past infection with mycoplasma.
1555016	How does Plaquenil affect birth control ? 
It makes me feel very nausea and head ache I don't know if I want to continue this medication .	Plaquenil There is no interaction between plaquenil and birth control medication. It is used to treat such diseases as Lupus and Rheumatoid arthritis. It can even be given during pregnancy although this may be controversial. There are many serious side effects, nausea and vomiting being the more benign. I assume you have one of these diseases. You might discuss alternate treatments with your doctor.
1185251	Is a pea sized lump on my neck dangerous? It's on the left side, about 2 inches above collarbone. Tender but not painful, and red.	Lymph node There are thousands of lymph node located around the body that help screen out germs in the body serum. There are many in the neck, head ; behind the ear. At rest these are often 1/4 inch in diameter and may grow to marble sized when reacting to a stimulus. Bug bites, or viral infections can increase their size.They should shrink down to nl size over a few wks if pain not gone then have it chkd.
1185702	Have sore throat, swollen tonsils, congestion, rusty mucus in sinus, and thick whitish cloudy sputum with cough. Does this sound like pneumonia?	Possible Sinusitis, pharyngitis. Cough, yellow or dark sputum from lungs and chest discomfort are more symptomatic of pneumonia-lung infection.
332988	I have diarrhea again body aches sore throat sore eyes headache and feverish I have low GFR is it worth going to the doctor to get treated early?	YES These symptoms may point to an "auto-immune"disorder and i suggest consultation with dr.Could also be "flu", but your mention of "again" and the low GFR is bothersome.
1511594	3 weeks ago I had unprotected sex, and now I'm going on I four days of light brown blood, pregnant? Before my period my breast ALWAYS hurt but not now	Yes You could be pregnant. Take a pregnancy test.
304369	Detecting breast cancer appropriate to have thermography for women vs mammogram?	Mamm's MUCH better Thermography identifies temperature changes on the skin. Since cancers often have higher blood flow, it may detect a cancerous hot spot. Though tested since the 1950's, it is much less sensitive than mammography for identifying breast cancer(especially small ones). Proponents of therm-x favor the absence of radiation exposure; however, the radiation associated w/modern mammography is minimal.
6748301	2 days with; lightheadedness, dizziness, nausea, fatigue, weakness, shortness of breath, pain in middle and left side of chest. 
Detailer, hydrated	May be asthma get it checked, go to ER or md
1404572	I'm on the Depo-Provera shot and haven't had my period in 3 months. I had sex with a virgin guy 8 days ago and started bleeding. Could this be my period?	Yes Its very common to have occasional, random bleeding while on depo provera. Best wishes!
617713	Pain on both sides of knee with no swelling.  Able to walk fine.  Hurts when doing any sports activity?	Soft tissue Chronic or acute mechanical stress of collateral ligaments on outside of knees. Look in the mirror as you put your heels together and observe whether you are slightly bow legged. To take stress off knees by putting raisers in the lateral half of each shoe; to supinate the feet and thereby realign both legs and knees.
602974	I am having vaginal itching for the past 3 or 4days , but no white discharge , could this be a yeast infection ?	Yes Easy to treat with otc med like monostat.
878679	Normal stress test and X-ray in er, 10, 000 PVC count on holter and symptomatic. Standing BP 90/60 & 115+ rate, rest BP 90/51 & 72 rate. Go back to er?	Symptoms I appreciate your sharing with us the data of your tests, but what are your symptoms? Your blood pressure is on a low side but may be acceptable. Heart rate is a bit fast but not fast enough to require emergency attention, so what's going on with you?
1041168	What could cause patella tendon pain in a knee replacement?	Tendonitis Versus patellar implant loosening or improper alignment. Try ice, rest, range of motion exercise. If pain continues then get orthopaedic eval.
158568	How does a DHT blocker hair drop really grow back bald spots?	It doesn't Topical Dht blockers are no effective. Oral fin asteroids blocks Dht from the inside and does work on most men especially on the middle of the scalp.
250379	Why my sgpt and sgot count came to be 62 and 43 yesterday. I had jaundice?	Incomplete info All lab results need to be interpreted in the clinical context. Your results are mildly elevated and suggest liver cell injury. If drink, do not do that, and do not take tylenol till you have thses checked out by your doctor.
1508473	Hi I not long ago had a bath and I pulled my foreskin back and there was red blotches under it and on the end of my penis as well and its really itchy?	Several Possbilities Could be contact dermatitis from urine. Could be a bacterial infection. Could be a sexually transmitted disease such has herpes. Could be a fungal infection. You probably need to have someone look at it.
558604	A fracture in the upper palate or the skull base was suspected due to the oral surgery.  Instead of getting inferior view of the mandilble, the ER took panoramic X-ray of the teeth. Is this right?	3-D Better off with a 3-d x-ray.
1575948	Never taken antidepressants but tested + for tca. I take prescribed Vyvanse & an OTC diphenhydramine sleep aid ONLY. Can either have lead to a false +?	Benadryl If you do not take any tricyclic antidepressants, and have a positive TCA on a toxicology screen, is likely the diphenhydramine that you're taking, which can sometimes give a false positive for TCA. If the Vyvanse hinders your nighttime sleep, consider taking melatonin rather than diphenhydramine for long-term use.
322855	Vomitting & diarrhea with 101.2 fever.  No body aches.  Flu or stomach bug or something i ate?  See dr or just rest?	Not flu Rest, keep yourself well hydrated, and if there is a lot of pain or it persists longer than a few days, see your doctor.
260879	My right hand is numb tingling in the fingertips with throbing pain up to elbow no numbness anywhere else any ideas?	Carpal tunnel If the tingling is in the thumb and first two finger it is most likely carpal tunnel or irritation of your median nerve.
329805	I have had yellow brownish colored diarrhea for the last three days vomiting and back pain and major stomach pain but no fever what is goin on?	Been travelling? Specific questions about recent activities, diet, sick contacts and known diagnoses could help your doctor know what is going on. Remember you must drink more fluids to replace fluid lost in diarrhea. Major stomach pain is usually something you want to get checked asap.
6707098	Sprained my ankle 2 weeks ago. I have a tight pulling feeling near the bottom of the leg. No bruising or swelling left. ?	Sounds like the tendons are inflamed. typically the tendons at the back inside and outside of your ankle will get irritated after an ankle sprain. take nsaids, ice and stretch. also an ankle support goes a long way. your ankle will loosen up but can take 3-4 weeks.
6699316	I am a 34 year old male. I've lived  with an irregular heart beat for 16 years now along with chest pain right under my left breast, but lately it's like the pain has become more intense and now starting to go through my left shoulder blade. I had echocar	You need a set of cardiac work up. See a cardiologist.
6790813	Last night car trunk hit my head I have no bruise/bump. Later my ear felt like h2o draining. Now it hurts w/pressure. What to do? Should I be worried?	See a doctor if your ear draining clear fluid or a blood, see a doctor, it could be a skull fracture. please do not ignore it.
1171676	I have pain on my left back on hip. The scanning report of kidney, bladder r normal, dr said it is uti, but the urine culture s neg what is the reason?	Negative C;S= no UTI Ur correct in questioning diagnosis of UTI in absence of positive urine culture. Ur symptoms are likely musculo-skeletal. Did dr check ur spine, sacroiliac joints ; hips by inspection ; palpation? You might need conventional x-rays of lumbar-sacral spine ; pelvis. Dr probably suspected because u had a UTI 6 months ago. Might consider seeing rheumatologist or orthopedist. Good luck.
1259276	My knee has been in pain and swollen for a few weeks. I tripped 3 days ago and now it is very inflamed and so painful i cannot walk. What could it be?	Depends what part If you are swollen in the front of the knee, like a bulge over the kneecap, it could be bursitis. If the whole knee is swollen, it could be a ligament tear or meniscus tear, or even a fracture if you fell hard enough. If you cannot walk, you should get it checked out and get and xray.
1547977	I'm feeling pressure in my head.it feels like something is moving in it.and I can't stand to hear loud noise. What's going on?	Possible migraine See a physician to get treatment. If the symptoms persist you may need to get a CT scan or MRI for further evaluation .
387904	Ate bad pork chops really sick my wife myself and our cousin are all sick from some pork chops we ate last night, headache, nausea, dizzy, vomiting, dihaerrea, stomache ache, stomache pains, lower back pains.	Undercooked Undercooked pork is a common cause for "food poisoning. " the symptoms should start to resolve after a few days. In situations like the above, if they do not lessen or are accompanied by a high fever or bloody diarrhea or changes in mental status medical evaluation is warranted. I hope you and your family are better. Remember to always cook your pork thoroughly.
1325813	What to do about hepatitis b vaccination - gap more than one month for second dose ?	Hep B vaccine You can still get the next dose, no problem. You do not have to start the series again.
6621513	Can allergies cause congestion that last over a month and red itchy eyelids off and on?  it is a possible to develop a cat allergy all of a sudden?	Not all of a sudden it has been lurking for some time, your body tolerated the exposure for some time, till at a point it won't take it any more, hence the development of the symptoms, and yes allergies can cause congestion and red ithcy eyes for weeks and months, check aaaai. org or acaai.org for an allergist/immunologist in your area, goodluck
1462901	Lung function test clear an heart tests clear I have this tight feeling in my chest that makes me cough when I breath in it feels tighter if I leanfor?	If lung and heart evaluations are completely normal, next area to look is esophageal disorders such as GERD. Follow your doctor's advice regarding further tests.
1089989	I have a small bump on the back of my neck near where the spine starts. It's like a little pimple and hard but is not red. Could it be a node?	Possibly but likely In this location it could be a lymph node or it could be a sebaceous cyst or hair cyst, .
6784943	I feel pain in my shoulders,back,legs and feet and often get a muscle pull,I am taking wilgesic tablet and it releives symptoms temporarily......what should be done?would it be helpful to take mineral supplements?	Worth trying .. especially those supplements with high concentration of electrolytes (potassium, sodium, magnesium, calcium), which tend to trigger muscle pulls if their levels are low. If you are active, like an athlete, sweating and the resulting fluid loss is #1 cause of muscle cramps. You need to hydrate!! If recurrent pulls occur in odd places, visit the nearest healthcare professional for attention!
6768514	I have dizziness with pressure in head no fever, earache, or sinus problems and I have headaches daily do it is not that. What could this be?	Exam See you doctor for a good exam and see if you any investigations to help diagnose the cause of your dizziness and head pressure. Make sure you have your blood pressure checked. All the best.
554590	I wash my face 2 times a day. Is there any other way i can get rid of acne fast and naturally?	Different face wash Try changing your face wash. Consider something with salicylic acid (an exfoliatiant). You may have some redness and irritation at first. Any makeup should be gentle, and designed for sensitive skin. Your doctor can offer other treatments if this doesn't help; consider a dermatologist.
1375645	Nipple burning sensation.  First time,  not from bra. Been a day now. Why? Both breast are sore since period is near.but one side is burning only.	Tender or red? See your gyn. Is there any discharge? Could be mastitis, which is a bacterial infection and needs antibiotics. Do breast self exam...if lump, see gyn sooner than later.
6760952	Had protected sex with a sex worker. Developed simple painless non-itchy pimple with hair in it 16 days after exposure. Pimple popped when I got an erection and a thick white pus came out followed by some clear liquid. Could 
this be herpes?	Not likely Herpes While Herpes lesions can be singly or are in crops, they are generally quite painful. Regardless, you should see a doctor to rule out any STD. Feel better
1228563	Sick for almost a week now: vomiting, nausea, bloating, stomach gurgling, & loss of appetite. Came on all of a sudden and no clue from what.	Many causes If this has been present for nearly a week and not improving, it is time to see your doctor. It may be from an ulcer or an infection.
6656998	Dr I have a pimple on my elbow but it got really swollen and it hurts a bit when i bend my arm the area looks bruised from where i pinched it. Help?	Get it checked would have it looked at to make sure it is not a spreading infection
1605211	Pain in hip ( butt) on left side. Pain radiates down the left leg all the to the foot. Hurts to sit, walk, only on left side. Is this a blood clot?	Sciatica? Is there any swelling in the limb? It sounds like sciatica, pinched nerve in the back, probably not a blood clot. You would need a venous dopper to rule that out
1540053	What could cause sharp pain in my knee when standing up (after ACL surgery)?	See details There are several possible causes. The best approach is to have the knee reevaluated from the orthopedist who did the surgery.
6628562	Went to the doc last found out I have a bacterial&yeast infection now my lower abdominal right above my vagina is very painful took meds?	Abdominal pain If you are having continued pain despite antibiotic treatment, I would seek medical attention immediately.
62408	How bad is a staph infection in your sinuis? And what other problems will it cause?	Not good, but... Not too bad. It should be treatable. Staph as a true sinus infection is more common for people with chronic sinusitis. Staph is a frequent cause of infection in the nostril area (which isn't technically a sinus infection). See your primary for treatment, wash your hands before & after touching your nose to avoid spread. If you have a true sinusitis w/ staph, consider ENT consultation.
1463147	Have had swollen gland right side on and off couple weeks now it's worse can't swallow sometimes, feel very tired body aches sore throat ?	Reconsult dentist May have abscess
1224464	Nauseous, numbness and tingling in hands, legs, and feet. Pain in my right arm, limited movement with that arm.	Numbness Most concerning is the pain in the right arm. If this is something new it needs evaluation by a physician. The diffuse numbness and tingling could be from any number of causes. An infectious or inflammatory workup may also be indicated. Again, the pain and lack of movement in the right arm needs more immediate attention.
1345759	I am 22.had ACL reconst. 7yrs ago&ORIF-IM nailing of tibia 2months ago.now in recovery.do this conditions may cz arthritis or other knee/muscle prob?	Varies There is an arthritis that can be from an injury or injuries and is known as post traumatic arthritis. It can occur as a result of fractures or ligament injuries about the knee, but does not always. It usually will declare itself one way or another at some point. Thank you.
6750695	Not on birth control, headaches, nausea, sexually active & period is 7 days late i cramp & discharge what does this mean? My stomach is also bloated.	Late period you always are at risk for pregnancy if you are sexually active and not on birth control so first thing you need to do is take a home pregnancy test.
1449738	I have a pea-sized tender underarm lump. What can it be? Can fibrocystic breast tissue extend all the way towards almost the back side of torso?	Possibilities Breast tissue can extend up toward the axilla. The small mass you feel could be - a lipoma, a cyst, a lymph node, if breast tissue then possibly a breast mass, fibrocystic tissue. You should see your doctor for an exam to be sure.
962451	How long were you in an immobilizer for femur fracture surgery?	Usually not needed Many femur fractures that are treated operatively do not require an immobilizer. If an immobilizer is required, time would depend on severity of the fracture.
882282	My 11 month old son has been running a fever for the past 4 days. Highest temp has been 101.2. Motrin and tylenol break the fever, but it keeps coming back. He is teething. Should we take him to a doc?	Yes Maybe a viral illness, but for proper diagnosis and treatment, see the pediatrician.
1328145	How deadly is rubella IgM virus for a 26 weeks pregnancy?	Confusing question There is no Rubella IGM Virus that I know of. There is a common screening test for IGM antibody created after a rubella infection. If you have high IGM levels indicating a recent rubella infection, it is worrisome.Rubella during pregnancy can lead to injury to the eyes, ears and other organs.Babies can be born deaf, blind and with other defects.
894484	Red nodules penis head, bumps scrotum very itchy all over body and groin especially at nights. No pain, blister or discharge. Possible scabies?	Many possibilities You need to see your doctor right away while the lesions are still visible, do it now!
548941	I started having knee pain today but when i went to work it got worse. When i walk or put any pressure on it and hurts the most.	Damage inside Any problem inside the knee causes, pain, see doctor, rest it if it hurts toput wt on trauma?
674186	I've had a productive cough for nearly 6 months, as well as chest pain on left side of breast bone. 27 year-old male, who smoked for a year. Cancer?	Get it checked You smoke and have been coughing for 6 months, it is about time you consult a physician to find the cause. It is unlikely that you have cancer.More common causes og prolonged cough is chronic bronchitis, copd, bronchial asthma, the cancer possibility at the bottom of the totum pole. Your chest pain may be from coughing, pnumonia and pleurisy etc.You will need a chest xray and thorogh physical exam&pft.
1084913	I had zyrtec about 6 hours ago. Can i take Benadryl now?	Yes you can Yes you can if your symptoms are not controlled with zyrtec alone for short period.
1133490	Cut the patient in the back area and underarm when performing a mastectomy and others seem kinder and just cut around the nipple area, what to do?	Most surgeons Are performing skin sparing mastectomy with immediate reconstruction these days. Ask your surgeon for specific recommendation.
994785	Iud mirena dislodged breasts are very sore and swollen.  Frequent urination and tired. Negative pregnancy test. Could i still be pregnant?	Yes. Not clear if pregnancy test was by self or lab; urine or blood test. Recommend to see doctor for testing and exam.
1445640	Is fatty liver the first step nearing cirrhosis?  Would it be like fatty liver hep c then cirrhosis? ?  If you drink heavy every day for 10 year?	Liver disease Hepatitis C is a specific virus which is implicated in liver disease. Liver disease can be caused by a variety of factors, including diet, medication, alcohol, genetics, and infection (e.g. Hep C). Fatty liver disease can be potentially reversed if you are able to treat. Cirrhosis is thought to be irreversible. Cirrhosis often starts with fatty liver disease. Seek help for heavy drinking.
300120	I am having pains above my belly button. Just bellow my breasts just wondering what it could be I am 16weeks pregnant and haven't felt this before?	Heartburn It may be some heartburn from baby pressing on stomach. ....Consult with your ob/gyn, should not worry too much.
506934	Sore throat, head ache , congested.  Strep test neg. Got antibiotics a few days later for sinus infection. 2 days on antibiotics  and now has a fever ?	Treat congestion If you have a sinus infection ou need medication to help with drainage of our sinuses, not just the antibiotic.
1291689	I usually got brown (bloody) discharge. I'm negative for hiv, syphillis, gonorrhea, chlamydia, nothing on pap smear and bacterial test. What's wrong ?	Brown discharge Your brown dischargee represent old unoxygenated blood which can be normal.
1554312	Extreme pain under center of abdomen under ribs. So severer it causes nausea,vomiting,dizziness and shortness of breath. And Severe sweats. ?	Epigastric pain Most likely gastritis and or H pylori ( a bacterial causing gastritis) or gallbladder orrarely if acute a pulmonary embolism especially if smoking and on BCP or asthma/ bronchitis/ penumonia. Seek medical attention immediately in ER if there is shortness of breath
1554313	Where do soft plaques come,from? The ones in the heart artery?	Cholesterol Hard plaques have a good amount of calcium, the building block of bones. Soft ones, usually have more lipids or cholesterol.
677512	Gas, bloated, increased waist size, swollen abdomen, pain= lower abdomen, back & leg, constipation, frequent urination & pain in sex. Overian cancer?	Your a bit young Ovarian cancer is a possibility, however not likely do to your age. With that said, this does require a work up and you need to be seen by a doctor asap.
620672	Im 5 week pregnant and have cramps in my groin buttocks legs and my back I have no bleeding and no severe pain. Is this normal?	See a OB-GYN You need to see a ob-gyn for your initial pregnancy evaluation to see if the cramps are normal or not.
612843	I have continuous ringing in my ears ! due to eustachian tube problem! i received zyrtec and nasal decongestant but still no improvement . Any ideas?	Otolaryngologist If you have not seen one already, it is time to consult an otolaryngologist to help you with your symptoms.
596865	Plz help myson 15 took creatine fir about 2 weeks or a bit more and is taking whey protein gold standard supplement. He woke up with a rash, please help!	See derm Unfortunately you will have to a dermatologist in the flesh for treatment.
390884	My inside labia lips were sore and slightly red. I have no had intercourse for 3 days and woke up the morning noticing my inside labia lips were sore and slightly red. The do not have bumps or sores, just looks wrinkly and almost like there is tiny taste	Please Please be sure that you haven't used anything that would irritate your labia, such as bubble bath, new laundry soap, or lotions or perfumes. You can try a soothing vaginal cream (ask your pharmacist), but if this doesn't help in 1-2 days then please be evaluated. If this doesn't help you may have an infection that you would need to be treated for. If you developed pain, fever, rash, or new symptoms then please be seen immediately.
6783509	I took phentermine 37.5 at 11am. Can I take 150mg of tramadol at 10pm? I have no history of seizures and have horrible knee pain due to a surgical procedure I had done today.	Medication Yes, that should not cause any problems
761771	Neg hpt, period over a week ago lasted only 2 days but breasts are still sore, could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
512276	I have this small red non itchy bumps on my stomach and three on my back. It started on my chest and progressed. What is it?	Dermatitis? Small red bumps could be dermatitis (skin irritation allergy) or infectious lesions (like viral zoster). The presentation is so widely variable that the only way to properly diagnose you is to see your physician. Your physician will want to know how long these 'bumps' have been present, if you changed soap or detergent recently, what improves it, and seen these bumps before? See your physician.
850612	Can a lack of sleep cause migraines? And i it normal for hands, lips, & arms to go numb as an aurora ? Also is loosing the ability to speak clearly ok	Sleep deprivation Some are agitation, poor focusing, drowsiness, mood changes.
1076789	Was on birth control 8 months, skipped last pack. Week late period. Nausea, cramps, heartburn, neg urine test. Could i still be pregnant?	Trust the test The first step is to repeat a home pregnancy test. They are quick, reliable and easy to do. If the test is negative then you are not pregnant. In that case you can monitor the cycle over the next few days and schedule a visit with an obgyn to discuss birth control. If the pregnancy test is positive then you will need to see an obgyn soon to be evaluated.
314613	No patch forms in skin. But, small itchy red bumps form seperately about 1 inch distance in my back, hands and leg. Hiv symptoms ?	Cannot see these And therefore cannot diagnose them, but if you think you may have been exposed to HIV you should go and get tested in the near future. This is a treatable disease, best when diagnosed early.
6631850	What to do for severe stomach flu with nonstop vomiting and diarrhea? Cannot keep any fluids down and have a low grade fever	Dehydration you need to find something quickly you can drink and replace fluids, sprite, water, coke, ginger ale etc. If symptoms worsen need to go to urgent care or er.
1319469	White discharge, period late 1-2 days, small cramping +lower bk pain, no other symtoms, stressed, protected sex 2-3 weeks ago, pregnant or period arriving?	The only real way to know is to take a pregnancy test. Take care.
715876	What is a normal hCG level for a women who has had a full hersterecomy. No uterus ovaries tubes or cervix?	Zero A woman who is not pregnant should have a negative HCG level. Any woman with a positive HCG who has had a hysterectomy needs to be evaluated at once.
1408067	Swollen lymph nodes ONLY in neck for 2 months but didn't grow, very tired. Mono -ve, only EBV Igg was slightly elevated, lymphocytes 53%. Next test?	Need ID consult There are several other infectious disease agents that can cause lymph node swelling and give you constitutional symptoms and elevated lymphocytes. You should see an infectious disease specialist to get those additional testing, including tuberculosis testing and fungal testing.
216640	What is self stress incontinence?	Unclear Not sure I understand your question. Stress incontinence is the involuntary loss of urine with strain such as coughing, laughing, sneezing, lifting. I'm not sure what you mean by"self" we frequently talk about genuine or urodynamic stress incontinence based on how it is diagnosed but I have never heard the term self stress incontinence
6757519	This evening had shooting pain on outer part of knee. Upon inspection, I saw swelling behind my knee , really more my upper calf. Pain in L leg but there is also swelling at upper, outer part of R calf too. L is more painful to the touch. Could this be th	It could be a baker's cyst or DVT. Get US not leg
401697	I am really itchy and it hurts during intercourse. There is a different smell but very little discharge. I am sexually active with my husband but I am really hoping it is not something very serious. I have never been to a gyneo and am wondering if i shoul	There There are several different possibilities. Yeast infection is one possibility, most yeast infections have white discharge with a great deal of itching, and often the irritation can cause pain. Seeing a gynecologist for a diagnosis would be a good plan of action.
1330813	I had laparoscopic surgery last Thursday and my report says I have bulky uterus,CX normal,rt ovary - corpus luteam,lft - normal cyst. Will I get preg?	Talk to your surgeon You need to talk to your surgeon. He or she was the one that saw everything, so should be able to answer your question. Nothing you describe says you shouldn't be able to get pregnant.
1401588	Had EKG, stress echo, xray and all normal. Still having a lot of mild shortness of breath and heart racing.. Especially after eating. ???	Possibly... It is possible you are having reflux and the reflux is causing bronchospasm. The bronchospasm then causes your symptoms. Treatment would include aggressive treatment of reflux and possibly a bronchodilator inhaler. See your doctor so this can be diagnosed and treated!
960175	My mother had a breast cancer surgery 3 months ago and is now taking arimidex. She has lost about 2kg of weight. Any problems?	Wt. loss & Arimidex Arimidex does not usually cause weight loss, unless your mother is having GI problems with it. Is she complaining of abdominal pain or nausea?
1127612	Hi, i was expecting my period and it never came. I am experiencing is spotting and discharges.A lot of migraines, heartburn with cramps. Am i pregnant?	Do A test Good morning. We do not live in a world where doctors guess about pregnancy anymore. Your symptoms are also not in any way indicative of pregnancy. But, we do not need to guess. If a period is delayed or missed then it is time to get a pregnancy test.
940042	Knee injurt, swollen and stiff with bruises all over to my ankle, every time i try to bend, hurts in interior part of knee and backside, what is it?	Orthopedic injury Possible medial collateral ligament injury, hamstring tear - one needs a detailed exam by an orthopedic sports medicine physician. May need to use ice and compression in the interim.
1012458	I'm supposed to be 7 weeks pregnant ..My hCG levels is 1500..But nothing in my transvaginal ultrasound ?	See below Your dates might be off. It is most common to start seeing things on ultrasound after your HCG gets to 1800-2000. If you truly are 7 weeks that number would be low. Hopefully it is being repeated soon!
1457669	I have a pimple like bump on my mons pubis. it's red, and it only hurts if I poke it with my finger nail, other then that it doesn't hurt or itch.	Folliculitis This is likely folliculitis or inflammation around a hair from shaving or depilatories. Avoid squeezing or pressing hard. Wash with soap and water and try a topical antibiotic ointment. If it worsens an oral antibiotic may be warranted. www.asc-psd.com
6731694	I have a pea size bump where my wisdom tooth used to be. It was pulled a few years ago. It's quite aggravating & kind of sore when I chew. What is it?	Fibrous tissue Scar tissue is likely from a site like this. You could see an oral surgeon to have it resect if they deem it to be safe.
965981	Does chf, neuro cardio syncope cause peripheral vascular disease because when i had a tilt table done, they said that the blood pooled in my feet?	It is not PVD Blood pooling in legs is not peripheral vascular disease. Blood pooling in legs is the reason for neurocardiogenic syncope.Pvd will be caused by same risk factors as aterosclerotic hd like smoking, high chol, bp, dm. Family history etc.
1215668	Hi, my father is 69 years old, sometimes he gets muscle cramps in legs, what is the reason?	Hard to find cause Sometimes it is hard to find the reason. But he should get a medical check up and make sure that bhe is no anemic, has normal thyroid functions. Look into his medications(statins for high cholesterol can be a culprit). Excess of alcohol can also be a reason. Ask him to take gentle walks daily and increase the distance slowly. All of the above should help.
644173	Just came from hosp- bad flank pain a lot of blood in urine.  All my kidney stones still in kidney, no infection in urine & bw came back ok. What could this be?  I have to fu with urologist.	Stones It sounds like you have significant stone disease. Even if the stones are in the kidney they still could cause bleeding if they are obstructing parts of the renal pelvis. In addition you may have already passed the stone and it may take a while for the blood to clear. Make sure you follow up with urology. Also, you need to figure out why you have so many stones so you can prevent them.
1497275	My girlfriend and I had sex two nights ago and the condom broke. She is on lo loestrin fe for two weeks now. She keeps spotting. Is she pregnant?	Pregnant? Get a home test kit and have her check a first morning voided urine specimen.
1476026	I have a few white spots on my right tonsil.   And the other is slightly swollen.   What could it be? No fever, kind of a sore throat.	?calcium deposits try gargling with salt water.if you have a post-nasal drip take an anti-histaminic. have a dr check it for tonsillolliths-calcium deposits.
992497	I have been having a tightness in my chest since jan 2012. I have had ekg's, chest xrays & breathing tests - all normal. Any ideas what it might be?	Many possibilities Tightness may be related to heart, lungs, gi, etc. A thorough history and exam is needed for better diagnosis and to guide testing. Normal ecg, cxr and pft are helpful but you may need more testing, especially if you are still having symptoms. Discuss with your doctor.
676020	On the 15th day of my cycle, my husband ejaculated on my vagina, what's the likelihood that i can be pregnant? Can the sperm find its way inside?	Yes, it can We start counting cycles as the first day of the period is day #1. If you had vulvar exposure to semen on day #15 (ovulation day), there is a fair chance that that you could get pregnant. Although less likely than a full-on semen delivery inside, there is always the possibility with the amazing way our bodies are set up to make babies. If you don't want babies, then start birth control.
546770	I have a lot of very deep scars on my face. They are from a type of staph infection that eat away tissue.What can I do the most affective for the price?	What bothers you Scar are noticeable for multiple reasons. First what color are they ? If pink then they are still healing. If brown then bleaching creams may help. If the are deep and creating shadows then excision or fat grafting may help. There are so many options, many more than cane be explained here. It is worth a visit to a board certified plastic surgeon to understand your options.
399480	Why do I have a fishy smell in my vagina, does this mean i can have an std? I also have a bit of discharge	Hello. Hello. I can't diagnose your condition. However, you may have a sexually transmitted disease. This is of course more likely if you have unprotected sex. Normal vaginal secretions are clear or white. They can also look yellowish or tan. They normally are not malodorous. Do you have any vaginal irritation or redness? I think it would be helpful to have this checked by your gynecologist. Take care.
751000	Dr used 18 gauge needle for breast core biopsy because lesion was small(4x7mm). Results were benign. Does this make sense?	Sure,, This just means you've had a breast biopsy that yielded benign tissue from this lesion indicating that it is of a benign type of lesion. You can discuss with your doctor what you want to do next, like take it out depending on where in your breast it's located. Best if luck.
34400	What is the average healing time for a scaphoid fracture in the wrist?	6-10 weeks Scaphoid fractures take a very long time to heal due to its poor blood supply. Cast or splint immobilization is often needed for a prolonged period if these injuries are treated non-operatively.
6765470	My lower eyelids swollen, a bit red but hurts and a bump inside the eye   ,its been 4 days.Any advice ?	Stye If this occurred rather suddenly, it probably is a stye, which is a blocked oil gland of the eyelid. It can become secondarily infected and can spread to adjacent tissues leading to cellulitis. Most of these styes respond to very warm compresses 3-4 times/day for 10' followed by gentle massage with a washcloth containing a small amount of baby shampoo. After a week, the stye should nearly resolve.
1159179	Im not sure if im pregnant. Took 2 test one + with very faint blue line other - .. Fatigue, severe headaches. Nausea.. Dizziness. But painful help?	Positive test A pregnancy test is positive if there is any color in the positive line. I don't know why the other was negative. You should see your doctor tomorrow for a test. Even if you are not pregnant, you need to be seen for the other symptoms. If your headache is very severe and is "the worst headache of your life", you should be seen at the emergency department. Good luck.
1578135	What could cause nausea, abdominal cramps especially left side under ribs, lower back pain, tiredness and vaginal bleeding? On implanon so periods?	Mass? you may have some type of uterine or ovarian mass such as fibroid.
620985	Enlarged lymph node behind 1 ear. The lump feels warm, throbs, on/off pressure in head & lightheadedness, only sleeping few hrs at a time, and fatigue?	See a doctor See a doctor . You may have developed an abscess. Behind your ear. Treatment is in order.
158826	What should a person with breast cancer IV take after tamoxifen and aromasin. Arimidex femara or faslodex?	Chemotherapy? If stage IV breast cancer is no longer responsive to tamoxifen or exemestane, it is unlikely that additional hormonal therapy would be of benefit. The next form of systemic therapy should probably be chemotherapy. If the cancer is her2/neu positive, either chemotherapy with trastuzumab (herceptin), or trastuzumab alone could be given.
1450557	Is it bad if every time i stand up from laying down i get Dizzy and Very Lightheaded and alot of pressure on my back head, as if im going to faint ?	Low blood pressure It sounds like your blood pressure is getting low. Please discuss this with your Doctor. Make sure you are drinking plenty of fluids.
356244	No period, tender breasts, lots of eppitite, brown discharge, neg pregnancy test?	Not sure See gynecologist for more accurate pregnancy test and check for vaginal infection.
6784405	Having fever and headache for 3-4 days, with loss of appetite and occasional stomach ache. Skin itchy too at times. Feeling lethargic and sleepy.	Depends... It may be a simple URI. But depending on your location, exposure ,PMHx, Health status.......it can be Meningitis, Typhoid,malaria, Filaria.......etc. See PMD.
496494	I have pain in my left arm between my elbow and shoulder.Been to heart dr. About a month ago everything was good. What could the pain be?	Musculoskeletal. L arm pain between shoulder and elbow is most often due to the muscles and bones and nerves located between the shoulder and elbow. See your regular doctor if this is progressing or troublesome.
1516575	I'm 27 female I've gone threw ekgs, chest xrays and blood work all came back normal.  But I still have chest pains and breathing trouble somethg stuck?	None See a psychiatrist
1434450	I get headaches about twice a week, migraines every few weeks. Dizzy spells, tremor, fatigue (can easily sleep 12hrs each night). Should I be worried?	Certainly abnormal Sounds like you should see a neurologist for a thorough evaluation.
591848	I have a hard bump the size of the tip of my finger on the inside of my vagina.It has what looks like a mole on top.It doesn't hurt. What could it be?	Needs to be seen In order to tell what this is, we would need to see exactly where it is and what it looks like. If you like you can request a private conversation and attach a photograph of it.
883969	Given amitriptyline for headaches 2 wks, ago &has helped. But under left jaw feel sore lump that comes & goes, doc felt 2 weeks ago but never felt it?	? Lymph Node ? You may have an enlarged submandibular lymph node. They can be easier to feel if palpated directly over the jaw bone - but may be hard to feel if it drops down below that. If it has not resolved in next 4 weeks, consult with your physician.
786774	What to do if i've had hives for 7 months and predisone is the only thing that helps?	Mgt I agree, discuss possible causes and treatment options with your PCP and Allergist.
1405240	My girl had given my fingering and not finished sexual intercourse.Can she get a pregnant?	Wrong forum Are you asking us to teach you how to make babies? We do not nor should we teach you how to do so. Masturbation does not lead to pregnancy. You must be smarter than that. Penetration without a condom, however can make a baby. Even without ejaculating.
537171	7 days ago had sex on ovulation, condom slipped off before ejacultation, lower abdominal cramps all week, period started one week early. Am i pregnant?	Possibly It would be very early pregnancy, u should check a home test. If it is neg; may have just been an off-cycle period. For future reference: the Plan B (morning after) is available otc for just these unexected occurrences. It has high efficacy - but probably wouldn't have worked if you had definitely ovulated when you thought u did.
6748468	How to get rid of a bacterial infection in the vagina that's been going on for over a year? Tried a Yeast/BV med twice, and am now using boric acid.	Good steps The key is a proper diagnosis. If BV is the problem then there are a variety of treatment protocols for recurrent cases. One trick is to use Nuvaring for birth control. It stabilizes the vaginal ph to 3.5-5.5 which keeps yeast and BV away. This is a nice and not commonly well known side effect.
1169776	My blood test showed my hCG levels as &lt;2 should I try again in a week and see if it has gone up or do u think i'm really not pregnant?	Not really pregnant Based on those numbers, it seems like you are not really pregnant.
342707	I have peripheral neuropathy, and is it normal to reall ysuffer server pain in legs and feet, when i walk its like  i' walking on coals?	It is normal For the condition you have to present that way. Try and seek treatment to lessen or possibly eliminate those symptoms.
291571	What causes throat tightness/swollen choking sensation?	See below Many things, none of them good. You need to see your doctor today to sort these symptoms out.
1259156	Hi I am a 16 year old male and I have redness around the opening f my penis. I am not sexually active and its driving me crazy to figure out wht it is?	Redness The redness may be due to irritationfrom rubbing your penis against your underwear.
1212717	If i want to sleep at 8am, what time should I take melatonin?	For best results You generally need to take melatonin 90 min before desired sleep time -- however, it may not be as effective early in the am unless you are working a nite shift and just getting off work at that time.
1212716	Can anxiety cause problems even if ur heart never races. Like can u have anxiety issue without rapid heart rate or panic attack?	Yes you can Some anxiety manifests more in worrying, tension, insomnia, etc, rather than physical symptoms like fast heart rate. Physical symptoms like that and others (including fatigue and headache) are still very common. You don't have to have panic attacks for anxiety to bother you either. Help is available if you work with a psychologist who understands these things, or a psychiatrist too.
6764073	I  have heart palpitations especially moving from cold to hot environemnt, eating exericese etc. My echocardiogram and  EKG are ok. What should i do?	Monitor Ask your health care provider to provide you with a monitor so that you can define the nature of your arrhythmia and correlate your symptoms with your heart function. Diagnosis comes first then treatment.
946262	Went to ER with chestpain & chest heat flashes 6mnths that come &go .X-ray EKG normal dr said it isn't heart.He said maybe nerves on chest or anxiety?	Chest paini If no risk factors for heart disease like diabetes blood-pressure smoking , peripheral arterial diseases it could be from panic attacks.
722896	I've got a chest pain which feels like its being pushed in, pulled both up & down. It's underneath my breast bone and it mainly hurts on the right side?	Chest wall Probably a chest wall strain -- what have you been doing ? Could be work or activity related -- did you fall ? Please go see your doctor.
1100659	I have a burning feeling on the left side of my abdomen. No pain but I am also feeling dizzy/faint and have quite a lot of gas. Could it be my uc?	Yes If you have uc, a flare could present with many different symptoms. This may be the start of something that will progress to a more typical flare for you.
1179128	I had a negative urine and blood pregnancy test last week, but this week my period is two days late, could i still be pregnant?	It's possible! Take another test! you could have conceived too recently for the tests to show up. Pregnancy test are accurate about two weeks after conception. If it has been at least that long since your last unprotected sex, and you still don't get your period or a positive test, then check with your doctor for other reasons for a late period.
1014117	I'm supposed to be 7 w pregnant..Hcg 4518 ..I did vaginal ultrasound but there was nothing ..Switched to another dr and he saw fetus but its too small?	Follow up Follow up with your doctor! sometimes the baby will stop developing , a "blighted ovum". Serial ultrasounds and blood work will be needed.
1037377	I had a UTI last month. My doctor said he found a lot of white blood cells in my urine and asked me if i vaginal discharge. What does that mean?	Urinalysis When a urine specimen contains wbcs they may have come from the urine, or the urine may have been contaminated by vaginal secretions or discharge. Your doctor is trying to determine the source of the wbcs. If you gave a clear midstream catch urine it is not likely that they came from the vagina.
6695638	A pimple on my cheek was scrubbed to hard in the shower it popped and is red swollen like a blood blister. Keeps happening how do I get it to go away?	Reocur/pimple Best to see a Derm or plastic to evaluate and possible excise the recurrent lesion.
1464643	20 year old male, abnormal EKG but normal echo and stress test. Left arm randomly tingles and has a slight ache to it.Anxiety or heart?	Unlikely CAD which is less common in the 20'S and with normal stress test and ECHO
1464136	I have bad knee pain, doctor said it might be my meniscus and said it might be the cartilage. Does that seem right?	Meniscus is cartilage in the knee joint. There is a medial and a lateral meniscus they sit side by side. Ligaments hold everything together. I don't know whats going on in your knee, but if it locks up when bent and hurts a lot its probably a problem with the meniscus. Ligaments can tear. There is also the possibility of a small tibial plateau fracture. I'd find out and get the proper treatment.
483532	I haven't had a complete bowel movement in 14 days.  I have been experiencing bloating, gas, abdominal pain upper left side, nausea, loss of appetite.?	Constipation Constipation is common and source of many abdominal symptoms. A bowel regimen to achieve 2 soft bowel movements daily (water, juices up to 1.5 liters daily, fiber tablets, laxatives, stool softeners, probiotics) and walking are non-prescription tools you use to reach goal. If you have fever, vomiting, localized pain lasting over 40 minutes get evaluated again.
6647547	Hello!!

The first day of my last period was February 1st ,2015. I went to the doctor on Thursday February 26, 2015 and the dr said I had a very faint positive urine pregnancy test. I have since taken 2 at home pregnancy tests and both were negative. Is i	See Below I would have your doctor check a Serum BHCG to confirm if you are pregnant or not. Please see you primary doctor for this workup.
6702729	I fell and hit the top of my knee on a concrete block. I scraped it and bruises are around it. It swelled up for 2 days so far. It was aching for a day and a half. It hurts when I bend my knee. I have to put my leg straight to make my knee stop hurting wh	Knee bruise Could be just contusion, so ice, rest elevate try crutches, motrin /alelve ( if not allergic). if still having pain in 2-3 days with difficulty walking get xray ( or if you want get it sooner-today ) just to rule out patella fracture. without xray we can not tell if it is fractured. F/u with doc/urgent care. Bruises take about a week to start feeling better, fractures need treatment
1575712	I've only taken the Depo-Provera birth control shot once. Will my period start back up immediately after the 3 months?	Everyone is... Everyone is different and the side effects may vary, however the most prevalent side effect is absence of periods after a few months on the Depo Provera. Most women have intermittent spotting for the first 2 to 3 months and then they start missing their periods completely. This is not a rule for everyone though so it is important you watch yourself and if any doubts get in contact with your gyn dr
6670910	So I got a hida scan my gallbladder isn't functioning recommended surgery my question is would this cause my blood work to show elevated liver emzymes?	HIDA Scan If your HIDA scan showed poor gallbladder emptying, that doesn't necessarily mean you will have abnormal liver function tests. Your gallbladder isn't contracting very well, causing distention and pain. This doesn't effect bile flow from your liver. If there is associated inflammation (diagnosed by ultrasound), then there may be a slight elevation of some of your liver function tests.
1575716	What are some causes of an over active immune system with a monoclonal T cell Beta gene receptor finding ? Have tested negative for Ana / RA / viruses	No simple answer. t-cell receptor studies prove clonality, meaning an expansion of a single line of T-cells, a kind of immune system cell. The test is mainly used to confirm the presence of T-cell cancers, but is not sufficient for cancer diagnosis because it's too sensitive and not specific. Anything that stimulates the immune system, infections, autoimmune diseases, inflammatory states, will produce a positive.
1440546	Can an ultrasound substitute pelvic exams? I have a phobia of pelvic exams becz of previous sexual abuse?	No but U/S can help Sorry to hear about your abuse. Hopefully you getting help to help heal from that. An ultrasound can be an adjuvant to pelvic exam but shouldn't replace it. Maybe ask your family, friends, colleagues if they know of a compassionate, gentle physician/practitioner who can perform the exam. Discuss it first also with whatever practioner before hand so they know the situation and can help you through
1413361	Im 14 DPO been having cramps and breast has been sore I want to know if these are signs of pregnancy?	They are, but Wait until you miss your period, as some women get these symptoms when not pregnant too. if you miss your period,then check the urine preg test. best wishes.
990900	Why does my knee hurt to put pressure on it? It only hurts when i'm going down stairs or running/ jogging.	See a doctor As a runner, I have experienced that type of pain quite often. I have learned to deal with it through proper stretching and exercises. I would first see a doctor to possibly x-ray and evaluate prior to any home treatment. You may need to see a physical therapist or change the activities that you are doing.
989901	Negativehpts, strong cramping off n on for a couple wks. Sore breasts, and my period only lasted a day and a half instead of 3-4 days. Hcg blood test ?	The urine pregnancy Tests are very accurate, it may be that you did not ovulate properly, i doubt it is pregnancy but check another test.
406124	What causes swelling of the ankles my right ankle swelled up from the inside up to the center of my leg.Excruciating pain and redness. The pain went away after two hours. Two days later my left foot started except only the ankle on the outside swelled wit	In In general, swelling that occurs in both feet/ankles simultaneously is usually the result of the body retaining fluid. It's the feet and ankles that swell only because gravity brings the fluid down there. It's not a symptom of something wrong with the feet or ankles, but rather some systemic condition that is causing fluid to be retained in the body. The 4 most common causes being an issue with either the heart, lungs, liver or kidneys. But when one foot or ankle swells, it almost always means something is wrong with the foot or ankle, and it's not related to fluid retention. Also, fluid retention is not typically painful; certainly not "excruciating." there are many reasons for an ankle to swell and become painful (i'm assuming there was no injury), and when you say first it was one ankle, then it went away, only to start up on the other ankle, i'd wonder about some kind of arthritic process of an inflammatory nature, like gout or rheumatoid arthritis. I suppose there is also the remote possibility you could have had a phlebitis in one leg which cleared up on its own, and then re-developed it on the other lower leg, but this is a stretch, to be honest. My best advice is to have your primary care physician take a look at it. He or she will be able to rule-out certain conditions, order appropriate tests, and make an appropriate referral to a specialist, if needed. But i wouldn't ignore this. I would get it checked out. Feel better.
707458	How long will it take will to be cured/treated if you are a teen with HPV with genital warts?	Untreated or treated Untreated genital warts take a variable amount of time to go away, with only 20-30% gone by 3 months. Treatment also takes a variable about of time: up to 16 weeks with imiqumod. With all treatments, there is a risk of recurrent warts.
6738611	3yr old has had frequent leg pain in one leg  shin knee area, at night for the past 2yrs..no swelling or limping, fine during day.	Since 1 yrs old? So this is happening since 1 yr of age? And he verbalized at that age what was hurting? Very verbal kid. I am happy to hear no limping. What about fever, weight loss? Growing pains usually at night but both extremities.
1271492	Left shoulder makes a loud popping/ grinding sound every time i move it up and back down or shrug it's been doing this for around 3-4 months thoughts?	Shoulder popping Popping is not a symptom indicative of any disease. If you have any other symptoms besides that, you can relay those for making correct diagnosis or better off - talk to your regular doctor who can examine you and make the correct diagnosis.
6654297	I believe I had an ovarian cyst rupture last night after intercourse. The pain was unbearable! Today my ovaries are throbbing. Should I go to the ER?	I IncystYouBeCareful With rupture some blood leaks out. Sometimes more than "some." Sometimes it can be a lot. And blood in that area can irritate the tissues and cause that pain and throbbing. Now, other things can happen down there too, like the ovary twisting, so it's probably a good idea to have it checked out unless the pain starts subsiding considerably over the next 6 to 12 hours, same if you feel dizzy.
241048	Just had total thyroidectomy due to cancer 4 days ago at night when about to sleep my blood pressure spikes to 180/75 and doesn't come down til the next day......Doc says im fine just a bit anxious....I'm scared to leave the hospital...I have heart diseas	Get Another opinion Your doctor may be right but BP of 180/75 needs to be addressed get a socond opinion if you feel that is appropriate.
1288059	Blood hCG taken almost 10 weeks after sex <1. Transvaginal ultrasound 1 week later (almost 11 weeks after sex) shows nothing. 100% not pregnant?	Very unlikely No test is 100% accurate. However, if both tests were done properly, you are not pregnant.
400183	I have been vomiting blood and blood in stool it makes me really weak and i get real tired the blood is bright red in color .... I get pains in my lower stomach on both sides abdomen area.
I have had colon polyps removed at four different times they found	If If a patient is vomiting blood and blood in the stool, it can be from several causes. A bleeding ulcer can cause vomiting blood and blood in the stool. If a patient is bleeding and feels weak, it may be from anemia. If a patient has "pockets" on the colon, it may be that the patient has diverticulosis, and bleeding from the diverticuli can occur. If a patient is having blood in their vomit and stool, they must be assessed immediately by a physician.
1318854	20 years old, Blacl spots in stools, usually the stool Is brown, uspet stomach, bloating, mild abdominal discomfort, is it cancer?	Cancer No cancer is not likely. Black spots can represent undigested food particles
750068	I had knee replacement 6 weeks ago. Since that time, I have periods of profuse sweating that go into chills. I do not have a fever. ?	Possible infection Any time a recent post-op patient experiences chills/sweating, even in the absence of fever, the primary concern is the possibility of infection. I would definitely advise evaluation by your surgeon.
400184	I have been vomiting blood and blood in stool it makes me really weak and i get real tired the blood is bright red in color .... I get pains in my lower stomach on both sides abdomen area.
I have had colon polyps removed at four different times they found	Hello. Hello. If you are experiencing bloody emesis and blood in stool, it is important that you advise your doctor so that you can be evaluated. Colon polyps may not be the explanation for vomiting bright red blood.
1273383	I have been spotting for 2 weeks now. Negative blood in feb and missed period for 2 months, what's going on? Should i retest?	Retest Retest. And see a doc either way.
593978	Have an ear infection taking antibiotic drops but the ear has had drainage nonstop for four days how long will drainage last is this normal?	That depends You don't say if you have a swimmer's ear (external otitis) or otitis media with a ruptured ear drum. An external otitis is treated with ear drops alone, and the drainage should have noticeably lessened by now. In otitis media with a ruptured ear drum the drops won't be enough unless the hole in the ear drum is large, or you have a tube in your ear.
904093	I have constipation, increased gas, stomach pain and just noticed blood in my stool. Wondering if I should go to the ER or if this is not very serious?	Depends on how Severe your abdominal pain is and lots of other things, such as fever, tenderness, nausea/vomiting. It could be any number of 100's of things. Depending of severity and presence of any other symptoms, you should be seen by a doctor.
942347	Why is my labia, clitoris, and vaginal lips itching and peeling skin?	Doctor visit You need to see your gynecologist for further evaluation, there is no way that question can be answered on a message board.
51631	What is tonsillectomy recovery like for a teenager?	Nothing special The recovery period is usually unremarkable. The first few days the patient may require some soft diet due to discomfort with swallowing. Liquids should be tepid rather than too hot or cold. There may be some visible coating in the beds where tonsills used to be. He may need to take some Ibuprofen to help reduce the postoperative pain and inflammation.
581562	Behind my left ear is swollen. It is alittle painful and I do have a headache. Should i go see the doctor or \give it afew days?  Didnt hit my head.	Go to the Doctor You should go to the doctor and find out what is the swelling from, it may be an infection or a angineurotic edema secodary to an insect bite.
662165	I woke up with a pimple like bump on my leg and it was itchy , now it's inflamed and really red with a white head at the tip . Staph ?	Possibly Without seeing this it is impossible to diagnose. Apply warm to hot packs repeatedly until it opens and drains. If it reforms or expands with redness, swelling, tenderness, warmth or you get fever see a doctor asap.
758216	I have been having ear and neck pain on the right side sometimes it feels like I have pressure on that side. I have no lumps or swollen lymph nodes.	SEE ENT Hi please see your primary care physician and ENT doctor asap to rule out any issues. Thanks.
877149	Dvt diagnosed from thighs to knees multiple clots.Protein deficiency. Improvd on medication. Is it life threatening. Can he procreate. N lead nrml lyf?	Yes, but He'll need lifelong anticoagulation. That said, life should be normal and children aren't an issue although they may inherit the predisposition to clotting.
1033402	Last 7 days I have had a numbness, burning sensation in my right arm and foot. Also pins & needles. Had it before and went away after a little physio	Tell ur Neurologist? You have a neurologist for your seizure disorder. They are more than capable of addressing this. Personally, i would go to the emergency room now to have this addressed. Maybe your neurologist can meet you there. I would go right now.
1511362	8 days past period and neg preg tests safe to say not pregnant? Even with all other symptoms- nausea, loss of appetite, headache, fatigue, dizzy, etc	Pregnancy The best way for you to confirm your status is to have a blood test for pregnancy. many home pregnancy tests are not sensitive enough to detect early pregnancy. If negative, you likely have a viral syndrome and may just need supportive care and symptom relief until resolution.
817973	My grand daughter is 5 moths old...Sometimes you can hear her knee or other joints click or crack..Is this normal because her bones are soft + growing?	It's OK Babies have very elastic ligaments crossing over the joints. I tell parents to think of them as very stretchy rubber bands. As they move, the ligaments stretch and snap just like a flexible rubber band would, and you hear that clicking or snapping noise. It is totally normal and nothing to worry about.
547991	Unprotected sex 3weeks ago . Period came 6days early . Lasted 2days with spotting .. Breast feel full , moody, bac ache . Could i be pregnant ?	Possibly Pregnancy is always a possibility. Purchase and perform a home pregnancy test. They become positive about the same time that you're a week late. If it's negative, repeatit in one week and call your doctor.
1126749	I used Monistat 1 friday 4 mild itching/discharge. Gave me burning, and swollen vagina. Today (sunday) sore/itchy vagina white/yellow thick discharge.	Several reasons It is possible you do not have a yeast infection. You may also be allergic to the cream. You need to see your gynecologist who can determine what is going on.
340621	R.Elbow hurts when i extend my arm in all directions and bend my arm.Car accident 3yrs ago, r.Shoulder injured.Why is elbow hurting all of a sudden?	Be seen It could be from many things, you should be seen for an exam and diagnosis.
1289186	Having low BP with low heart rate have tried everything to get it higher but it comes right back down.. Feeling dizzy and pressure in my head?	Further evaluation Needed since you have symptoms.
1319899	Yellow green discharge, looks like phlegm, after using canesten cream in vagina to treat yeast infection, no odor. Can this happen?	Normal Yellowish greenish discharge can be normal if your having itching or discomfort or pain you may want to see the doctor to make sure the infection is gone. Signs of infection are pain, burning, copious discharge, or foul odor.
576386	Sore spots on my head, get shooting pains & then the spot is trender. Also hot to touch. There's 4 spots now. I've been stressed out. Fatal or tension?	Sore Spots in Head Relax! sore spots on your head are not fatal, but you need to make an appointment with your doctor to get a thorough evaluation and get to the root of the problem. Stress can cause a lot of physical signs and symptoms, and may well be underlying your problem, but it is always a good idea in these circumstances to consult your physician and get to the underlying cause.
139100	Does DHT blocker hair drop really grow back bald spots?	Not exactly. Dht blockers (such as finasteride) will slow down or even reverse balding in men, but localized hair loss (alopecia areata) is not affected by Dht blockers. You'll need local steroid injections for that, from a dermatologist.
929743	Hi doctor, why am i having palpitations after my angiogram was clear ?	Rhythm not Blockage Palpitations or skipped beats can be caused by irritable areas in the heart that disrupt normal electrical conduction. While coronary artery blockage can cause this, it certainly can occur in the absence of blockage.
1275727	Having internal vaginal itching with occasional burning with urination and spotting after my period. Tried 7 day yeast treatment.  Questioning std?	See your gyn If the otc treatment didn't work, it might not be yeast. Commonly it turns out to be bacterial vaginosis, or a uti. Your gyn can diagnose and offer an effective treatment.
1055090	I have a very itchy rash on legs and arms. Raised bumps which scab over due to scratching. I've recently travelled to the us (stayed in hotels).	Many answers You should see a dermatologist re. This problem. Some of the potential answers include flea bites (as more and more hotels are allowing pets to be in the room), bed bugs, etc. By the way, how recent is "recent"
321441	I've been very light headed nausea with pain in neck on left side with swelling?	LN You need to see a physician to be examined. Concerns would be thyroid or infection, possibly cancer.
1527402	My 19 month old daughter has had vomiting and diarrhea for 6 days. No fever. Just not acting herself. Sleeping a lot. Barely eating. Just drinking.	Dehydration please see your doctor or ER ASAP, your daughter is dehydrated, and ? has electrolyte imbalance and needs fluids and salts / sugar replacement immediately
6692973	My daughter's left eye is itchy and watery and the skin around it is red, but no discharge. Allergies or possible start of pink eye?	Many possibilities It is April and allergy season is here, it is possible to be allergies although you would expect both eyes to be affected. Possible eye injury or also possible infectious conjunctivitis
39971	If cancer comes back in the same breast after having a breast-sparing surgery, will I need a mastectomy then? Will I be able to have breast reconstruction even though I have had radiation?	Maybe As far as mastectomy with recurrence, the best person to speak to is your breast surgeon as they should be aware of the most recent studies on radiation and recurrence. As far as reconstruction, implants are more complicated with radiation and generally a flap reconstruction is a better alternative. The best option is to speak with a board certified plastic surgeon about this.
39970	I know that some women have arm swelling and pain after breast cancer surgery. Why does it happen?	Lymph nodes Doing breast cancer surgery the lymph nodes are removed. This causes the lymphatic fluid to back up in the arm.
6656291	Persistent cough for a month. Started as a cold; treated for a sinus infection.  Now I taste blood in my mouth when I cough. Mucus is clear though. ?	See your PCP A persistent cough can be a symptom of GERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease). See your PCP for consultation and 24-hour pH probe test.
1346048	Few sharp pains to lower abdomen with few episodes of bloating but feel okay in some of the episodes. Lower back pain and headaches also. Any ideas?	Belly pain Your abdomen & low back symptoms can be from multiple causes: pregnancy, ovarian cysts, appendicitis, irritable bowel, inflammatory bowel disease, food intolerance, etc. You need a thorough history, physical exam & possible diagnostic studies to further evaluate. See your primary care doctor first.
1483941	Mood swings, hot flashes, bloating, cramping, localized pain in bottom right abdomen, dizziness. Ovarian cyst symptoms?	Hormonal changes When does your symptoms happens around the menstrual period times or all the time? If it is around the periods may be having perimenstrual dysthymia from the hormonal changes. Have yourself examined, so that detailed history and physical could be performed to get a diagnosis
1573018	I have irregular periods but for 3 weeks now I've been spotting. Small cramps sometimes. And not sexually active. Why hasn't it stopped? No hospital.	Spotting Vaginal spotting may be caused by polyps, either on the cervix or inside the uterus, by uterine fibroids, or by some infections, and occasionally some genital tract cancers. Sometimes people mistake urinary tract bleeding for vaginal spotting, which is an important distinction. You probably don't need to go to a hospital at this point, but please schedule an appointment with a gynecologist soon.
6760565	I was playing tennis & tripped. Foot landed badly and now has a swollen spot.Its not red.Hurts lots. Been putting ice/heat for 20 mins.Best thing 2do?	Ice/compression while the injury is new ice is better along with compression(ace bandage) to get the swelling down and pain managed. Ibuprofen can help as well. If you still have significant pain after a few days see a foot/ankle specialist
1196463	I was diagnosed with a ruptured eardrum from an ear infection. Should i follow up with my pcp or an ent?	Go to ENT. It would be best to go to your ent. Your pcp may send to to the ENT anyway. I see that you are also on antibiotic so you are covered for now , at least. Good luck.
1219903	Upper left abdominal pain for a year- went to doc 6 months ago had us "didn't see anything" should I go again? Super busy & don't want unecessary bill	Abdominal pain 1 yr Pain continuing so long is of concern. Perhaps you should get another opinion if your doctor is not helping you.
722643	4mo intrmttnt cloudy urine with "floaters". Tests done:ua's occassional trce blood&protein.Cbc/diff, cmp, kidney
func.Normal. Us, kub, CT w/wo cont.All negative. Llq pain on palp. Ll back pain.Any ideas?	Specialist You have a lot of data, but no answer. A possibility could be kidney stones. It must be very frustrating for you. Please seek out the care of a urologist or kidney specialist to guide you. This could be many different things. Seek help today and feel better.
1282510	No std. No yeast infection. Is it normal to have a lotion like  discharge (clear/white). 6days before period.?	Yes Some patients will have similar discharge right before the menstrual cycle.
6782278	What could cause a weak urine stream in a 21yo male? There's no pain, no change in frequency or amount of urination, or change in ejaculation.	Here are some... Weak urine flow in a 21-y-o man without pas history of urethritis, urethral trauma, still needs a pro-evaluation to assure no urethral stricture, meatal stenosis, or simply poor relaxation and opening of bladder neck, etc. to assure having a happy bladder, which is able to empty, to hold urine, has no UTI, and you void comfortably. How? To http://formefirst.com/eNewsletter06.html.
1569767	I had unprotected sex 3 times during my 3rd day of ovulation last week. I have had intense pressure in my uterus (cramp like). Could I be pregnant?	Yes Can be...
396024	How long does breast implant removal take? How long should I plan to be in surgery for breast implant removal?

.	Breast Breast removal of both implants should not take much more than 15 minutes in the hands of an experienced doctor. Good luck from nyc. For more info visit www.Drgrossman.Com.
1286980	Why do benzodiazepines show positive in my urine and i'm not sure what causes this when i'm not taking anything but blood pressure meds?	False positive? Some nonsteroidal medications can cause false positives for benzodiazepines: daypro, tolmetin (tolectin) Naproxen (aleve) Etodolac (lodine) and fenoprofen (nalfon). In some cases, the antidepressant zoloft can do it also. http://tinyurl.com/ks79fns i don't know of any antihypertensives known to cause this -- so i'm wondering if you also take some of these other meds?
485098	Dx @ ER with ovarian cysts & complex lesion rupture. 12 days just now bleeding lightly w/ leg pain. Much lighter then period no back pain. Er or gyno?	Gynecology I would never tell a patient not to go to the er for emergencies, but you need to establish a patient physician relationship with someone who can follow you long term and educate you about your problem.
943434	My oncologist thinks I have an abscess.He did a blood culture so i will get results.Big painful lump still there.Is it inflammatory breast cancer?	Possibly What is the extent of inflammation around the underlying breast mass? Has an ultrasound of the breast been done? A surgeon with ultrasound can determine if there is an abscess and aspirated it, clean the cavity and with serial treatments possibly resolve the infection without necessitating an open i & d of the abscess.
1221821	Will pregnancy seen if your 1 month delayed and had ultrasound, blood test & hCG test turn negative. Is there still possibilty to be pregnant?	No If all are negative you should not be pregnant.
1425016	GF has been very sick w/ cough, sore red throat w/ sores, & fever. Now the pain is going into her chest & she can't breathe or swallow. What is wrong?	Viral Pharyngitis Andy, Your girlfriend probably has a viral pharyngitis. The mucous she is producing is draining into her throat and chest producing the symptoms. Viral infections usually get better in 5-7 days. Over the counter cough/ cold preps may help. If she does not get better, take her to her doctor. Hope this helps!
588543	Knee joint dislocated five year back. Still patella is not in his poition, legaments broken, not able to bear weight. Is dis possible to replace knee.	Dislocated knee It sounds like this may require surgery. Get a MRI test and discuss with an orthopedic surgeon.
1368049	I have a 9cm ovarian cyst. Can it cause fatigue, bladder pain, stomach pain, nausea & dizziness?	YES All of the above symptoms can be caused by a large ovarian cyst. This should be followed and reported to your physician. Twisting of the ovary on its blood supply can cause these symptoms and if not addressed can cause serious problem and possibe loss of the ovary
1132661	Echocardiogram, CT heart scan or cardiac mri. What does each one test for and how accurate are they? Holter results less than 1% of beats pacs an pvcs	Imaging tests Echo uses sound waves to image cardiac structure and function. Ct scan uses computerized x-ray examination to do similar imaging and MRI uses yet another technology. Echo gives real time wall motion imaging while the other two are almost real time. They are all very accurate and each has its own strengths and weaknesses. We choose depending on what specifically we need in information.
1328796	My cardiolipin IgM has come back high 3 times, neutrophils slightly raised & ANA negative. symptoms indicative of Lupus, MCTD?? Gp not worried.	See a rheumatologist The lab tests may be unreliable especially at hospital labs. Even if negative the anticardiolipin ab may be a concern depending on your symptoms. IgM anticardiolipin Anyibody us also for many not a problem. It us best if you are having symptoms to see a specialist and get their opinion.
1317645	Does rubbing motion of the penis in vagina or in mouth create new HPV warts, breakouts, or cancer? More sex = more HPV? Both ppl have same strain.	Possibly Sexual intercourse is what causes transmission of the virus. Thus even if you are already infected an act of sex can introduce more virus into the other person. You should be cautious and should both seek treatment from your physicians.
6659765	I have been taking a 10 mg of celexa since 2/23, what is the  best way to taper off to stop? Every night i have the craziest  dreams & cant sleep!	Celexa 10mg. is low dose. My regimen for my patients is to switch to 5mg. twice daily for one week, then taper by 2.5mg. every 3-4 days. Consult your prescribing doctor first.
95690	If you get rid of your moles, can you still get melanoma where they were?	Removing moles A mole, is a skin growth that contains mole cells, nevus cells. There are several kinds of moles, and some melanoma skin cancers can develop from a mole. Other melanomas develop from melanocyte cells in normal skin, where no mole is present. If your mole is removed for purely cosmetic reasons, it may be shaved off by your doctor, and may leave some mole cells behind, which could, form a cancer.
1130131	My daughter 18mo. Woke up with sore throat/cough i gave her oranges, tylenol and silenex. Is there anything else i can do or give to prevent get worse?	Sore Throat Make sure she is getting enough fluids so as not to dehydrate. You can monitor her hydration status by observing her wet diapers. If the symptoms worsen or persist for another day, or you are concerned about hydration, consult with your pediatrician.
1398989	Had unprotected sex on 4 july ovulated on 5th started getting slight cramping yesterday an today. Could this b implantation cramps for pregnancy?	Too soon to know Conception, as defined by the generation of a fertilized ovum, occurs within day or so of the sex. However, it takes about two weeks for the embryo to make enough HCG to produce a positive pregnancy test. Blood test may be done a day after a missed period. Home pregnancy tests should be done 4-5 days after the missed period. Please seek care from a doctor to protect your health.
6723737	Green burning slimy diarreah today vomited once yesterday no vomit today jst sour stomach no fever eating and drinking OK 2mths post gallbladder lap?	Not related Post cholecystectomy (gallbladder removal) symptoms, if you get them at all, usually start soon after the operation. 2 months later, they are more likely to be due to something you ate or a a GI bug. If they don't get better in a day or two, see your primary doctor.
1521530	Is it normal for dominant arm bicep and triceps to be slightly large than my left arm. Muscle imbalance? no weakness. neuro for EMG to check ALS?	Dominant arm strongr Since ALS is a painless weakness, and you do not have weakness, ALS should not be considered the cause. If you use the dominant arm for weights and do not use the other arm, the muscles will be different sizes. Normally they are pretty close. The easiest way to sort this out is to see if you can make the left arm stronger. That would rule out an illness.
623997	My problems started with pain and swelling in my left testicle. Then i had problems urinating and had back pain. Mt urine and blood tests were clear and showed no infection. The veins are prominent in my scrotum. Thoughts as to what this could be?	Check with.. Primary care or urologist, likely an infection.
841107	I had severe abdominal pain/cramping lower backache diarrhea pouring sweat dizziness for 1/2 day some cramping diarrhea the following 1-3day any idea?	A lot of stuff Can do this. For example, atypical appendicitis or food poisoning or crohn's disease or other stuff. Best to have it checked by a doc to avoid trouble.
200592	Autoimmune related autonomic deficiency (also have lupus)causing dizziness. What are  best tx options for dizziness? Predisone resolves it	Prednisone not alway Automomic problems can be due to neurological dysfunction and lupus inflammation can damage this control but if Prednisone works consider whether their is adrenal kinsufficiency rather than dysautomomia - or both.
401757	Do hormones affect my migraine? My migraines are much worse right before i get my period. Are migraines related to hormones and my menstrual cycle?

.	Hello. Hello. Yes. Migraine headaches can be triggered by changes in estrogen during a woman's menstrual cycle.
1269997	Body aches/diarrhea/no fever. Saw md this am, got steroid shot. Flu&strep came back negative. Could this be contagious? I have a 7mo old at home!	Virus Any kind of viral illness is contagious ! practice good hygiene, good handwashing at all times. It is not perfect , no matter how careful we are , how much we septicize- it still gets us! but by doing this , it minimizes our risk to exposures
642085	Why do so many mds assume depression/anxiety when they can't find the problem?My former md did this and missed my lupus diagnosis.I wasn't depressed!	I disagree All psychiatric diagnoses are not just from elimination. Many psychiatric conditions may have other phsical conditions in the differential. Also, many psychiatric conditions may also be misdiagnosed as other medical conditions. Many times it may be difficult to make an accurate diagnosis of a condition. It is unfotunate that the lupus was missed by your first physician.
1441557	Had a red pimple like bump on vagina lip. Painless. Had a white tip. Looks like it popped on it's on and now a scab. It's a little sore now?	Monitor if the spot continues to get smaller, less painful, and the skin around it does not show any significant redness then it's okay to just keep an eye on it your self. Otherwise have a physician take a close look at it. Hope you feel better soon.
1183698	I have a pimple like bump on e topside of my penis shaft..Just one...It is neither itchy nor puss filled..Wat could it be?	Penile pimple This could be many things -- a pimple, and epidermal cyst, a pearly papule -- all benign, or something that may require treatment like a vesicle due to the herpes virus -- it is best to have it examined by your physician.
1441555	Chest pain and vomiting since yesterday.  Ekg, d dimer and CBC done last week camme back normal. Had normal echo a year ago. Scared its heart attack?	Any risk factors? Usually when I see a 27 y. o. with chest pain it is NOT a heart attack. It's not impossible, just not the top of the list! If you have chest pain with difficulty breathing/tight that is worse with exertion and better with rest then go to ER. If you abuse drugs/nicotine, have a parent or sibling that has had a heart attack
1008082	When i see my doc for my 1st post op visit will he take me out of the knee imoblizer and put me in  a brace? I had microfracture knee surgery last wk.	He may The protocol varies. The most important is to avoid weight-bearing on the operated extremity.If you have a malaligment he may use an unloadind brace to help with healing of the microfacture site.
1032632	Had spotting for 2 days september no blood, then got bleeding 2 weeks early before my regular period why? Ps i was sexually active in september	Spotting Irregular periods are common in some people. In addition get a pregnancy test too.
6697098	Good day i have a gerd for 1year, now i have u.t.i i drink ciprofloxacin, now my abdomen have deeply pain . can i drink buscopan,omeprazole & antacid.	NO Antacids like Tums containing calcium carbonate will significantly reduce the absorption of ciprofloxacin. Omeprazole will also reduce the level or effect of ciprofloxacin. I don't have any information on buscopan as it is not used in the U.S.******CIPROFLOXACIN CAN CAUSE ABDOMINAL PAIN CONTACT YOUR DOCTOR AND ADVISE HIM OF YOUR PAIN. HE MAY ADVISE YOU TO STOP IT AND SUBSTITUTE ANTIBIOTIC.
895165	Breast tenderness, bloated feeling, nausea, slightly cramping,  and lower abdominal feeling tender  been having unprotected sex,  could i be pregnant?	Yes Check a home pregnancy test. If its negative, and you don't wish to be pregnant, you could talk to your health care provider about reliable birth control.
1508625	Spotting w/no blood 2days before missed period and no period day of & 1 day late still have symptoms and 2 faint positive hpts w/3 negative hpts/e.p.t	Pregnancy questions. Don't know when you took the pregnancy tests? How about repeating the home pregnancy test in a week using a first morning void. If you are pregnant - the HCG level should be high enough to show on a home pregnancy test. Take care.
1463486	Postmenopausal with lots of insomnia; 3-4 hrs per night broken or no sleep. Tried "Sleep hygiene", melatonin , TSH normal, I am so scared. Plz advise.	Menopause Menopause can be relatively uneventful for some women, while others experience serious disruption! Inadequate sleep and resulting deprivation can be difficult to live with. Some women use hormone replacement therapy to help with bothersome symptoms of menopause, ideally for a short period of time. Herbal remedies may include Damiana, Black walnut and Black Cohosh (careful with Cohosh)
726180	I've been coughing and sneezing. 1st i was cough up clear thick mucus and now its yellow & thick. Chest, throat hurt. Cough is worst when laying down.	Sinusitis/bronchitis Sounds like a URI has turned into a spell of bronchitis. If the cough is productive of colored mucus, increasing cough and a fever, than you should visit your doctor or an utc for a thorough examination and perhaps a course of antibiotics.
1107689	I'm having elbow and knee joint popping, redness, pain. Could this be arthritis?	It could be I would need more information about your symptoms. It is worth seeing a rheumatologist to help you figure it out.
274119	I smoked for twenty years and recently quit, I have allergies and post nasal drip. No matter what I do I can not get rid of the post nasal drip and subsequent bad breath, quitting smoking has helped somewhat but not really, I use saline nasal spray and a	Mouth breathing Odors causing bad breath come from the stomach, lungs or sinuses. Your bad breath is the result of clogged nasal passages. Post nasal drip is another symptom of your nasal-sinus disease. It may be a sinus infection, nasal polyps, or allergic or nonallergic rhinitis. When your nose is blocked you breathe through your mouth. Dry mouth and odor is the result. Restore nasal breathing & odor resolves.
196324	I have poison ivy oak and sumac when will it clear up?  One week?  Can I still wrestle or have to wait?	Poison Ivy Poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac are plants that can cause a skin rash called allergic contact dermatitis when they touch your skin. The red, uncomfortable, and itchy rash often shows up in lines or streaks and is marked by fluid-filled bumps (blisters) or large raised areas (hives). It is the most common skin problem caused by contact with plants (plant dermatitis). Rash not contagious.
851736	What should I do for sharp testicle pain experienced 2 days back? ..Went to hospital couldn't find anything wrong. The testicle pain alternated from left to right now but low in intensity.	Please see your .... Health care provider, and if you do not have one, please find one! after a complete history and physical, your health care provider can then formulate a plan with you. If your symptoms are resolving, you both may make the decision to wait and see if the problem goes away completely. If not, the plan may include lab work, a testicular ultrasound and possibly a consult with an urologist.
1354694	Is it OK to take red yeast rice, garlic, & apple cider vinegar with xanax?	Xanax with food Yes, you make take those food items with Xanax.
604256	Why do I get diarrhea during my period and when I am spotting? Started Depo-Provera shot 3 months ago and ever since I have been spotting almost every day.	Spotting from depo One of the very common side effects from Depo Provera is irregular bleeding and spotting. People get the most irregular bleeding in the first several times they get the injection. But usually the longer people take the Depo Provera the more likely the bleeding will all stop. One of the chemicals the uterus makes with a period is prostaglandins, and they can cause loose stools.
701277	Fell onto my hand yesterday, thumb slightly swollen, aches and is tender. Restricted movement. Cant hold anything heavy.Could it be scaphoid fracture?	Sure it could Or other fx around the thumb or a tear of the ulnar collateral ligament of the thumb joint (mcpj) you need to go see a doctor.
1025475	Tender, swollen, red, lymph node under arm. Opposite arm then received flu shot in 2 days ago. Related?	Very unlikely... ...That this is related. But this does need to get checked out asap, inflamed lymph nodes are no joke.
6658385	Im hvg migraine & my nose is stuck. My eye feels like its about to pop out. Could i possibly be suffering frm sinus? Is thr any medication for ths?	Sinus headache Unless you are diagnosed w/ migraine, it's good to know that a bad headache is not one - this sounds like a sinus headache and some relief is possible w/ medication, neti-pot, diet, steam, etc. See an ENT if self-help isn't enough.
609038	Can you be sexually active after breaking your femur bone and had surgery on it?	Sex If you were able to have sex before the fracture there shouldn't be any reason not be sexually active after you recover.
767664	Can sinus cause teeth to ache.Lower and bottom have dull  ache.Bad gums, fibro, herniated disc,  headache, runny nose. Should i see ENT or dentist.	Ent or allergist wil 1. Blood test to confirm the cause of your disease. 2. Xray or ct scan will be helpfull. 3. Skin testing for allergic rhino/sinusitis. 4. Xray or MRI of spine. 5. Ancids or anti-inflammatory.
1251413	Head pressure dizziness sometimes vision.Changes somerimes headache nd sharp pains could something be seriously wrong with me? Anxiety TMJ allergies	See MD ASAP Some significant symptoms. I'd recommend seeing your MD TODAY.
6694204	I am having feeling of chest burden for one year. ECG, ETT, ECHO, Thyroid tests are normal, age 35, weight 84kg, B.P 130/80.	Heart seems ok Other thought would be lung related. Are you a smoker? Have you been around lung toxic materials? Eg: asbestos, coal dust, etc. Your doc can help investigate these issues and any others. Good luck.
1581094	Hello. I have bad headache, sore throat, phlegm in throat as I swallow, very achy muscles, coughing and extreme tired feeling. My temperature was 97 ?	Virus This appears to be a flu like viral upper respiratory tract infection which usually runs its course over several days without specific treatment except rest,good fluid intake and Tylenol. See your Physician if symptoms worsen, or fever,chills, sweats and/or deeper cough develop.
1003796	Non drowsy Claritin is making me hyper, why?	Individual variance Any medication can produce non-typical effects on some of the population that is not seen in others. Claritin does not seem to cross into the brain in most people, allowing for a lack of sedation for most.However, all of us have some differences in how our body reacts to some medications ant this can be one of them. For you, the medication likely reaches your brain and causes stimulation.
1003247	Milky discharge missed period sore breasts pregnant, what is wrong?	If you are sexually Active. This would be a good time to take a home pregnancy test. Take care.
570446	I have left arm pain with numbness and tingling in my left pinky finger.	From your elbow... Is the pain in your entire arm or just below the elbow? This could be coming from inflammation/ irritation of your ulnar nerve, mahybe from medial epicondylitis (or other causes). Have you had an elbow injury recently, or do you do a lot of repetitive motion involving your elbow? It is also possible for these symptoms to be coming from your shoulder or neck.
1604975	8 yr old f sore throat, stuffy nose, cough, mild fatigue,neck and hip pain off and on for 1 1/2 mo, strep is - could this be mono if not then what?	Unlikely these symptoms are those of a viral URI, not mono.
1355921	Diagnosed peripheral neuropathy unknown cause.tingling fatigue frequent urination sob blurred vision but eyes fine chest tight light head.anxiety or ms?	Anxiety, most likely MS is easy to rule out by history, exam and MRI. Anxiety is state of tension, apprehension, worry, uneasiness or fear. It may be related to anticipated danger or arise for no apparent reason. While mild episodes of anxiety are common and do not usually require treatment, more severe forms can be chronic and debilitating. Some times no treatment is the best treatment. See your PCP for evaluation.
1090869	Clotrimazole caused skin to peel on penis, what is safe to put on the peeling skin to sooth and help heal?	Lotion A gentle and soothing lotion like cedophil might help.
1592719	I'm having knee and ankle arthroscopy and removal of ankle hardware, is it poss to get nerve blocks for both? Can the whole leg be numbed w 1 inj?	Yes a 1 sided spinal -can be done which would numb the whole leg. Ask your anesthesiologist about it.
295663	I have small pimple like bumps in my pubic are they are easy to pop and filled with a hard puss what is this?	Maybe folliculitis Needs to be seen by your doctor to be sure what they are.
295660	I have small like pimple bumps in my pubic area that are filled with a hard white puss what is this?	Many possibles Most likely these are hair follicles. Have they always been there, or is it something new? Have your doctor look at them if you're worried, or if they spread or hurt.
1386401	2 swollen lymph nodes on left side of neck pea size and a little hard and 1 on the right side a little bigger than a pea. Have had them for 3 months.	Could be serious Enlarged lymph nodes can indicate infection from virus or bacteria, or something more serious like lymphoma or other cancers. New enlarged lymph nodes for over a month is concerning, and warrants physician evaluation.
508802	What's the problem if, after lots of sex I have red and white spots under my foreskin (uncircumcised) and an itchy and red penis?	Irritation Friction from repeated movement and rubbing of the skin of the penis can cause redness and soreness --- another factor could be sensitivity to vaginal secretions.
726982	Sore thumb on left hand nd middle finger on right hand what's causing it?	Could be either Carpal t syndromes on both sides, or trigger thumb on one side and mid. Finger on the other side. Other possibilities include tendonitis, injury to/ arthritis both hands. These would be responsible for majority of cases.
726983	Fever, sore throat, headache, vomiting... Flu or virus? Idk if I should visit my doctor yet..	See your doctor Problems like these can only be correctly handled by your doctor in person. He/she needs to listen to you, perform an examination and possibly run labs or other tests. That's the only way he/she can find out what's going on and what to do about it.
1222734	Can Parkinson's disease cause pots/ dystautonomia and autonomic neuropathy?  Mayo clinic cannot find my cause to many diagnosis. ....Any help	Possible Unfortunately parkinson's is a spectrum on which your disease could be on and for which the treatment could be the same. Continue follow up with your neurologist.
1142747	My right nostril is sore inside and is creating crust. Not sure what's going on in there but using bactroban nasal ointment in it. Will it suffice?	Only time will tell Since have no idea what is causing the inflammation and crusting there is no way in which to predict outcome. Bactroban may change the staphylococcus colonizing your nares, but no way to know whether it will suffice to heal the lesion in your nose.
1410585	Seen 2 dentists wont pull tooth cause of swelling ,antibiotics wont rid peridontal abscess,now tooth is starting to wiggle,do they have to pull in now?	Possibly yes! Very possibly your teeth are loose due to the degree of the abscess and/or the bone loss from the gum disease that is associated from the periodontal disease. The bacteria could have resistance to the antibiotics being used and so you may need to see a dentist who can use UV sedation who can treat you in comfort, but you need care ASAP. An infection like yours could be life threatening!
694470	How often does a MRI miss thangs looking at the brain?  Had one 6mths ago & CT both normal just worried i'm lightheaded & bad headache?	Not structural probl You problem may not be a structural problem and would not show on an mri. Headaches could be caused by neurotransmitter dysfunction or neck problems and not head problems. You need a second opinion.
1469449	About a week and a half ago I started spotting, 2 weeks after my last period. I am now 4 days late. Breasts not tender. Negative PT. Slight cramping. ?	Irregular bleeding Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then do a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1068101	Took Monistat 7 almost 1 weeks ago an my labia itching an swollen hace little bumps what can it be?	Allergic reaction It should go away. Less likely, the original yeast infection is back.
312298	I have very complicated skin its dry and tight and my face heats up randomly and turns bright red and have acne along with it mostly just little bumps?	Irritated skin You most likely need to be engaged with better skin protection from the sun and providing moisture. Advise seeing a dermatologist to best evaluate your skin. Be healthy and be well, james m. Ridgway, md www.Larrabeecenter.Com.
6701632	I have been having a fluttery feeling in my head, it kind of feels like something's moving in a wave motion, also feel dizzy, confused, and nauseous ?	Fluttery head Would follow up with urgent care today. Could be from reflux, allergies with congested sinuses or sinusitis, could be rarely a herpes infection ( especially if you get cold sores) that requires acyclovir or benign positional vertigo but usually no confusion- that is a concern especially in a young individual. . Follow up with urgent care today
278146	36 year girl suffered with B12 deficiency. After  
treatment the B12 is high i.E.2000.  But tingling and numbness in foots/?Why?	Vitamin b12 Deficiency can cause neuropathy that can cause your symptoms. Give it time.
6757704	Hi I am 20 years of age. I have had the implanon for almost 3 years its  finished in 2 weeks i had unprotected sex and been havin preg symptoms?
Ive had extremem tiredness, brown/pinky spotting for a couple of days, cramps in my stomach, headaches, bloati	Home test first check home pregnancy test. if negative, and symptoms persisted, you can repeat on one week, or go and see a doctor for a blood test. chance of pregnancy is very small, but it has o be ruled out first. since it is the end of the implant, it might be hormonal changes. practice safe sex, and see your doctor for a birth control plan.
1158164	Just got over sinus congestion. Very hoarse voice, barely talk(i sound horrible). Some coughing, hard to clear; no sore throat. What can I do at home?	Hoarse Go into the washroom and steam yourself with hot showers several times a day. Also drinking tea with honey or lemon will help. And then there is the old standby, chicken soup.
1409635	What could a high lymphocyte and low neutrpjils means if you have lupus?	Maybe nothing These levels fluctuate wildly even from hour to hour, often with no obvious cause. They are never more than a small part of any medical puzzle
1471369	I have this red itchy bump with a  black center & it is not  a ingrown hair or a blackhead it's not a rash  its on my inner thigh  on  my right leg ?	Possibilites Without an actual examination, I cannot give specific medical advice on your particular health and Dermatologic conditions are hard to evaluate without seeing them in person. Bug bite, local trauma, multiple ones of them would mean something totally different, in theory, local infection possibly... probably other possiblities consider our video service.
6639273	Throat hurts a little.white bumps on the back of the tongue runny nose, heavy mucus and hurts when i talk a lot. no fever. no body ache or headache.	Sounds like a virus, lots of rest and fluids, if not better or fever starts see doctor
1584117	I have a spot on the top of my head that is sunken in. It hurts very badly if any hair near it is pulled or I touch it, even if it's gently. ?	See a dermatologist for diagnosis and treatment because without seeing it I have no idea
30511	When will swelling go down after an ACL surgery?	2-6 weeks Typically, the swelling will subside in 2-6 weeks, but may take longer if a patient does not progress with physical therapy.
670878	Please suggest what foods help women to prevent lung, breast and cervical cancers?	Unfortunately none There are no specific dietary changes that prevent these cancers. However, eating a balanced, lower calorie diet with lots of fresh foods can improve overall health and may minimize the risk of getting some types of cancer.
1257711	Eleven infected teeth sched to be pulled tues. Antibiotics didn't work on infection. Is it safe to pull teeth that are still quite infected?	Infected teeth The answer to your question would be best answered by the dentist removing your teeth. He\she knows your complete medical and dental history and is responsible for your care. Personally, i prefer to have infected teeth removed asap! the fact that you have been on antibiotics should suffice even if the infection is not complete gone, which oftentimes is the case anyway. Speak to your own dentist.
6714322	My husband has a lump over a lymph node in his neck. He also gets intermittent numbness and tingling on the same side of his body. Connection? Cancer?	See a doctor it could be related, specially if the mass is large or if there is other deeper masses that has the ability to press the nerves. majority of lymph nodes are benign, but thery are not something people can ignored or take for granted. need to be checked and evaluated by a physician. good luck.
365728	Im breast feeding and have sore nipples so i started to use nipple shields i now have really itchy nipples and spots around my breasts and on my body?	See md It could be a skin yeast or bacterial infection or an allergic reaction to the material in the nipple shield. Scabies (a mite) can cause an itchy rash on the nipples and elsewhere (but shouldn't be related to the nipple shield use).
6731206	My bf has had his penis near/slightly in my vagina and he has fordyce spots.Now I have tiny itchy bumps on my labia that look like them. Possible sti?	Unprotected? If you have been engaging in unprotected sexual intercourse- get checked for STDs. Time to consider BOTH BC ( pills, spermicidal jelly , foam or vaginal inserts, sponge or IUD PLUS- ALWAYS USE CONDOMS-if you are old enough to have sexual relations you must become sexually responsible.
1260310	What can cause me to be hurting all over down in my bones , left knee and hip pain  out of no where, skin burns and head face  is numb, ringing in ear?	See details These symptoms need to be evaluated in person to provide your answer. I urge you to see a rheumatologist.
1460551	Having bloody stools and lots of pain for a year had a colonoscopy and no inflammation was found biopsy taken could this still be colitis or crohns.	Possibly If the colonoscopy was indeed normal, then ulcerative or Crohn's colitis would be unlikely. Crohn's of the small intestine is still possible but usually does not present with bloody stools. Discuss this further with your gastroenterologist to see what further testing is needed.
6794816	Sexually active. Missed period aprox three months back, had a normal light cycle. Now i have taken four tests, all negative. Couple times throughout the missed cycles. Im having frequent poops that are dark. Today I saw a little bit of blood.	Rectal bleeding This warrants medical assessment.
571928	Diarhea two days after keyhole surgery to remove ovarian cyst, is this normal? How can I solve this?	Need more info This may be clostridium difficile infection. Were you in hospital? Did you receive antibiotics? If this continues go back and see the surgeon or contact your primary care physician.
6680808	Children have green snot, drainage, congestion, sneezing, watery eyes. High pollen count. Is this allergies or cold?	Infection The "green snot" is indicative of a bacterial infection and requires treatment with the appropriate antibiotic. by a physician. '
1126105	I have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia. I have tried cymbalta and savella and lyrica, all had neg effects. In constant pain and sever fatigue. Help.	Further Effort You may need to try other drugs in those classes to see if any of them have any benefit with less side effects for you. Although considered a less desirable alternative is low doses of opioids which in limited cases are beneficial.
1461601	My hb1ac came back slightly elevated and my blood sugar is slightly elevated also. i urinate frequently and get dizzy spells with rashes. liver probs?	Prediabetic? If you have an elevated fasting glucose (>100) and Hba1c above 5. 7%, you may be pre-diabetic. As people develop Type 2 diabetes they become "insulin resistant" (the pancreas makes insulin, but the insulin doesn't work correctly). As a result, the pancrease makes more insulin to compensate. This results in weight gain, high triglycerides, low HDL cholesterol, hypertension, and high sugars.
1389734	I have burning in my butt, my legs and both feet. My legs go numb. Cant walk or sit for long. Does this sound like damaged nerves or a slip disk?	Possibly The symptoms you mention could well be due to nerve impingement in your lower back. Your information says you had an MRI. Was it of the lower back, and if so what were the results? Discuss with your doctor and seek evaluation by a neurologist if the MRI was negative, and by a spinal surgeon if it was positive.
6706307	Hello I had a question before I actually went to the doctor, over the last week in a half I have had a heavier discharge that is white and thick and I also got a rash between my vaginal lips that is red and scaley with what looks like little white pimples	A good description of an infection that should be seen by Gyn ASAP
974517	30 weeks pregnant with a burning sensation in my one breast, should I be concerned?	Burning in breast Most likely this is a side effect of pregnancy with associated changes in the breast. If you feel a lump or notice an abnormal discharge you should see your doctor. Otherwise, wait to see if the problem resolves.
521080	Does thinking about sexual stuffs or doing frequent erection with leakage of semen when arouse like frequently in a day cause acne, pimple in 18yr male?	No Acne is caused by changes in the hormones during adolescence. It's also aggravated by bacteria on the skin. Frequent ejaculation and erection does not affect acne pimples.
1480555	Recently I had yeast infection with white cheesy discharge so I took one Diflucan tablet.I notice that i have green mucus vaginal discharge??	Other infection It is possible that you have another type of infection. Trichomonas frequently causes a green discharge. Check with your doctor for testing and treatment.
540422	Small red spots on my 4 year olds face itchy and have yellow heads on seem to be more today than yesterday?	Itchy red spots Are they stabbing over? If so it's chicken pox , if not its probably impetigo, an infection of the skin. See you pediatrician for a definitive diagnosis.
196682	Why do people get poison ivy, oak and sumac really bad?  It's different from person to person?	Poison Ivy Some people appear to be immune, others become immune. However, you can gain or lose immunity, so to assume you can't get it if you never have before is foolish. People change as they age. I would never assume that i was immune at any time no matter what my past experience was.
1408382	Could swollen gland on left side of throat over a month be caused by anything other than the tooth infection on back left lower molar that was removed?	Yes The cause of this swollen gland can be a number of things other than a tooth such as throat, sinus. It is important to get this diagnosed and treated. See a dentist, or oral surgeon ASAP.
196685	Why do some people say they aren't allergic to poison ivy/oak/sumac?  Are some people immune or just lucky?	Poison Ivy Some people appear to be immune, others become immune. However, you can gain or lose immunity, so to assume you can't get it if you never have before is foolish. People change as they age. I would never assume that i was immune at any time no matter what my past experience was.
111805	I have deep recurring pain in my chest and throat.  I am quite fit, run regularly, normal heart rate and blood pressure.?	Get checked Even if you are fit, exercise, and feel normal, should get your heart checked out by your md . ..
264896	I had surgery in may to remove an ovarian cyst, I now only have one falopian tube, an ovary and 1/3 of an ovary. Can I still conceive?	Yes Your fertility is likely not decreased significantly as long as you have one ovary and one tube that function normally.
6768426	If a coronary ct angiogram Done at mayo clinic in Arizona says I have 0 plaque is it very accurate? My heart rate was 50, how good is that test? Help.	Coronary CTA The study is pretty accurate in most people's hands. The statement 0 plaque means none imaged, there still could be some there that is missed, no test is perfect. In general a reading showing no disease is very good news. It doesn't mean one should ignore prudent diet, exercise and preventive medicine efforts.
613968	I had blood drawn from my arm and now my arm and elbow is bruised and discolored. Should i be alarmed?	Depends After a blood draw, if there is slight bleeding underneath the skin, this creates the bruise. If enough pressure is placed after a blood draw, there should not be much bruising. If it is a small bruise, there should be no reason for alarm. It usually resolves within a week. If the bruise is large (extends farther from the are of the blood draw) and causes pain, seek medical attention.
1454180	On prednisone for past 3 weeks for sinuses. Past 2 days my tongue has been swollen and temples sore ( to touch and bite down). Is something major wrg?	Tongue Probable side effect of the steroids may have yeast infection of the tongue and inflammation of the chewing muscles. Give your doctor a call
356476	I am due on my period on the29th but i ovulated around the 12th and since then I have had light cramps heart burn sore nipples and lower back pain	Not sure But make sure you get your period normally.
898444	I don't know if its a cold or allergies, itchy throat, sneezing, some what stuffed up, running nose. What's some good over-the-counter meds?	Allergies You don't get itching from a cold. Try otc antihistamine plus a decongestant. If it doesn't work, see your doctor to get a rx nasal spray.
1144032	I am infected by herpes simplex type II (igg) >10.0. What kind of food shall i eat?	This should not Cause dietary prohibitions. However - in general, eat healthfully. Try to eat at least 5 servings of vegetables ; 4 of fruit per day. Increase nutritional fiber. Avoid refined sugar ; junk carbohydrates. Avoid alcohol, sweetened juices, soda ; caffeinated beverages.
6670075	My last period was feb 12 , I ovulated feb 26, but I experienced implantation bleeding and/ or period twice in march7 and march 19 am I pregnant
?	Pregnant? best to test and see. Only way to know
1261193	My friend hd unprotected sex during ovulation tok pill 12 hrs later then had sex with condom.Now period is very light and was feeling nausea.Pregnant?	Asked and Answered Your question, has been answered accurately and graciously for free. She is not pregnant. There is no reason to keep asking the same question over and over again.
1285600	Can ciprofloxacin interfere with results of a igg, IgA and IgM candida blood test?	No No it should not.
995770	Are adapalene and clindamycin phosphate and benzoyl peroxide gel safe for women?	Yes Not a problem.
87723	I have been treated for inner ear inflammation with prednisone. My hearing improved and the vertigo seemed to be improving but has returned nausea. ?	Followup It would be good to followup with your physician to re-evaluate vertigo. There are several other causes of vertigo that need to be ruled out before finding the diagnosis. Then treatment could begin. Other causes could be wax impaction, middle ear infection, mucoid otitis media, mastoiditis, meniere's disease, and several others.
6733980	I had gallbladder surgery 4 years ago.I have had constant stomach issues since then. I have bloating, nausea, burning in stomach what could it be?	Many things There are many things that could cause your symptoms, including gastritis. If you have tried antacids without relief, it is time to see your gastroenterologist for a complete workup.
384432	I am having joint pain everywhere, elbows, hands, knees, shoulders..
Started 2 months ago 51 years old male. I take 4 ibuprofen 3 times daily	Recent Recent onset of joint pain in multiple joints can be diet an inflammatory, infectious or metabolic condition. Rheumatoid arthritis, lyme disease and gout are three illnesses in those three categories. One with these complaints should: seek medical attention. If someone were taking 4 Ibuprofen 3 times a day it would be at minimum a prescription dose if they are 200 mg tablets and this can have side effects and co-morbidities. One taking this dose of Ibuprofen should seek medical attention.
6703707	I'm 9 weeks pregnant and have been drinking non-alcoholic ginger beer (26g of ginger/bottle!) daily. Is this likely to cause problems?	Non alcoholic version should be ok as ginger is a good treatment for nausea.
87726	Daughter has had headache, ear infection and very heavy nose bleed?	Get checked out She needs to get checked out by her doctor to determine treatment and any other intervention that may be indicated.
195815	I have sore throat, headache, bodyache, mild fever. Is it a bacterial or viral infection?	Hard to say It could be either. Your doctor can perform a throat swab and do a test on the sample to rule out a bacterial strep infection.
1038679	9weeks pregnant 23 y having severe headache , heart burn and dizziness?	pregnancy symptoms Early pregnancy has a whole host of symptoms including some of what you have. Tum, mylanta, and Pepcid or zantac are ok for the heartburn. Tylenol is safe for your headache. It sounds like you need to hydrate as well.
1398019	Had injections for carpel tunnel today what are some symptoms of the site where it was given, noticed fingers are right and thumbs hurt?	After injection There will tenderness and discomfort at the site and in the first three fingers of the hand due to the presence of increased fluid in the tight canal, followed by relief when the medication takes effect.
6755861	How long after long travel would you develop a blood clot or DVT if it were going to happen? 10 weeks pregnant, driving all day x2 days. No clot histo	Most importantly, stop and walk every hour in a gas or rest stop while on the road. This will improve your circulation and prevent blood clots. You could also use a hose stocking while traveling. Please discuss with your OB
1137547	I have blood pressure and mastectomy, what to do?	Unclear Not clear how we can help you? Can you please restate your question.
1132062	Faint, lightheaded, dizzy, nausea in head not gi. Have sjogrens/ms etc. No infections. Bp okay. Hydrating/rest. Nausea med help? No new meds.My doc mon	Yes Whatever you have whether it is from your disease or from vertigo, you will need to relieve the symptoms to be comfortable. You do need to take your nausea medicine and see your doctor in case additional tests or exams are needed.
1138930	I have undergone an ACL replacemet surgery 3 months ago.I have been doing physiotheraphy for 2 & 1/2 months.I still get a pain in the back of the knee?	Normal If you are having posterior knee pain 3 months post/op acl reconstruction this could be a normal 'discomfort ' , esp. If you haven't regained complete full extension in your knee.This pain should be improving , if it does not or worsens see your treating ors for evaluation.
497606	Would a urine culture tell if its a UTI or kidney infection? Doc also said white blood cells in urine. Whats that mean? Possibly stones?	Uti Urine analysis if positive for infection such as positive leukocyte esterace, nitrite, bacteria and wbcs. It does not differentiate between a kidney, bladder or urethral infection. If you see sediment or oxalate crystals or under microscope crystals can be seen. Then stones can be suspected.
941251	What does high potasium and cholesterol levels in blood mean? & protein in urine?  (no i'm not pregnant). Having irregular heartbeat. Is this serious?	Maybe You have given me a few things in your work up , but not enough to give you a simple answer. A full history and physical needs to be done. Studies such as labs, urine, ekg, holter, echo of the heart and or kidneys etc. Once all the data is in your doc will go over all the abnormal results. Then a problem list with treatment plan will be put in place.
1570737	It hurts to the touch above my belly button almost to the breast bone on the right side and a little to the right.	See your doctor There are many possible causes of tenderness in the right upper abdomen, some of which can be serious. If your tenderness is still present, I would see your doctor as soon as you can. Good luck.
867593	Bilirubin 1.7 ALT 114 AST 54 alp 108. I am on pravastatin could this cause this? Could it indicate liver cancer	Possible drug Side effect...Especially if liver function was normal prior to pravastatin. ..Talk to your physician ...Cancer unlikely.
924712	When you have itchy throat and ears, is it allergies?	Usually Whenever there is itching, an allergic reaction is high on the list as a causative factor. The next step would be trying to find out what are causing these symptoms. Consider seeing an allergist if this has become bothersome enough to you.
6765590	Suffering with pvc ectopic beats for years with runs of 5-6 pvc. My ECHO and ECG however was 100% normal. Likley I go into Ventricular Tachycardia??	Take seriously i recommend a consultation with a cardiac electro physiologist. Recent studies have correlated the amount of PVCs a person has over a 24 hour period with the development of a weakening of the heart muscle (CHF). Therefore, a thorough evaluation and frequent follow up needs to be undertaken with consideration for medications that suppress PVCs while also being useful for preventing weak hearts.
1236762	Synovial cyst and fluid collection around left knee in mri. Feels likes it can't bear weight, is hot and back of knee is swollen. Could be ra?	While it could be, It does not mean it is. There are numerous other things this could be, anywhere from a bakers cyst that's irritated, an acute injury, or an infected joint. Speak to the physician who ordered the MRI and ask about a simple blood test to rule out RA (most likely) and then workout an accurate treatment plan. If that is your only, and first "hot" joint, then don't worry, just have lab checked.
1335501	What can cause mucous in urine? Had 3 UTIs a few months ago, resolved with Cipro. Latest culture negative. Had cystoscopy, seemed to be normal. Ideas?	Urethra It could be from "urethritis" if the bladder was normal. Any inflammation of the urinary tract can cause mucus in the urine called "PYURIA". If the culture is negative and you are otherwise healthy and have no other or ongoing symptoms then it is likely something to monitor and I would not worry. If there are symptoms, you may need additional antibiotic therapy, including regimens for urethritis.
1040877	I spotted this mole six months ago. Since than the dark layer fell once, and grew back  again. But it never grew in size. Is it potentially melanoma?	Yes Any mole that changes size or shape or color is a mole that should be evaluated by a dermatologist and likely biopsied.
1070198	Could you get pregnant if you had anal sex but sperm might have dripped down to the vagina? I got my first Depo-Provera shot almost 2 weeks ago.	Sperm + egg First of all you are on the depo shot so you are protected. Second, pregnancy occurs if sperm can reach an egg. If you feel the sperm may have been deposited in the vagina in such a way that it could fertilize an egg then pregnancy is possible in someone who was not on birth control.
960877	The left side of my throat is sore and I have swollen lymph nodes. It's not mono and I have taken many tests and doctors don't know what's wrong?	Sore throat Most common cause is bacterial infection like strep throat or viral like mono. There are other rare causes , your doctor will work up for these if not getting better. If persisting and not getting better, lymph nose biopsy is an option.
6636586	Is there a specific reason for continuous itchy nipples (not pregnant)?	Check contact Frequently itching can be a localized response to an irritant --dermatitis. See if your clothes are rubbing, and check your detergent you wash them in-- have you changed it. Also, fabric softener and dryer sheets. Then see if your body lotion or creams have changed. Check any other sources of contact with your nipples and any agents they may have on them - hand lotion, soap, etc. See Dermatologist
1370118	What to do if I have swollen knees on & off & pain in my hips & swollen ankles is this ra?	Maybe I often do send my patients for blood work when they come in with complaints such as yours. , especially if u have a family history of ra or other inflammatory conditions. You should first see your family doctor about this
1008599	After 3 weeks past my MCL surgery my doctor says my knee is fine, but i still feel a little instability, what does this means?	Surgery? Most mcl injuries r not treated with surgery unless some bone was avulsed and bracing does well. 3 wks is a little 2 soon 2 b healed.
1479493	Can drysex with 3 layers of clothes with precum lead  pregnancy? My period is late and I have had sore boobs cramps, dizziness and headaches	Possibly. It's possible but unlikely if you only had the one encounter you described. However, if you've had closer encounters in the past 4-6 weeks, that increases the chance. It's just as likely that your period is simply overdue and all these symptoms are from PMS. However, better be safe than sorry and take a pregnancy test.
519332	Last night my right ear lobe has stabbing pain and it hurt to swallow.  Pain is worse when i move and the soreness is upper throat and behind sinus.?	Whoa!!!! Until proven otherwise, this is an infection. Like most infections your body is able to manage them with time. Your body will make anti-bodies to the infection, cause an inflammatory reaction to help cure the infection and with time get better. This is normal. If you feel like the normal course of events are not happening, talk to your doctor.
402123	Can you get pregnant if you put wet semen on your fingers and push it into your vagina? I am not on birth control, and based on an ovulation calculator, i was ovulating.	Yes, Yes, this could lead to impregnation.
1365354	Had my period about one week ago and now im spotting brown what could it be? i am sexually active not using any type of protection have regular cycle.	Spotting It is possible you may be pregnant. Purchase a pregnancy test to find out
6615518	Going to talk to my doctor, concerned taking Celexa with having bradychardia. What a ADs are ok to take with bradychardia? Also take Valium.	Your doctor Do you mean you have bradycardia as a condition or do you mean you have bradycardia when you take Celexa? It is not likely that Celexa will affect bradycardia. Your doctor knows your condition, follow his/her advise.
6788383	Consistently high bp - 183/106 with a resting pulse of 66 - my new medications (1 wk on them) my diastolic number is now reading low to mid 60's?? Is this OK - top number remains 150 or higher	Inadequate BP contro the Blood pressure is still too high. A diastolic reading of 60 is not unusual. However systolic of 150 on medical therapy is too high.
72460	Both of my legs are swelling of from my knees down to my feet , and tender to the touch . What could this be?	? Cellulitis Possibly cellulitis; other possibilities are dvt, venous congestion, .
1481208	Carrying 2 tires above head,knelt to put down,back went out.Severe pain mid bk, can't straighten up,move arms much or lower head.Disk, muscle?ER?	Go to ER now! Your symptoms are hopefully due to muscle spasms and not a herniated disc but you need a complete exam and possibly x-rays or an MRI. Good luck!
289646	I have a swollen left knee the top part, to the left top of the patella and its een swollen for 3 weeks now and the pain is really bad im worred about what it is..?	See your doctor You describe a knee effusion that is chronic. Your doctor will examine it and may draw off fluid. If its bloody, he/she may order an mri.
6765623	After a yeast infection and uti , my genital area feels sore and slightly itchy. What can I do to relieve this. ?	Genital itch First and foremost make sure Yeast infection is completely gone. Once that is confirmed, topical Hydrocortisome cream 0.05% works if applied twice a day. It is available over the counter
92349	Very itchy scrotum and tip of penis, taken canestan, fluclonazole, no avail.Swollen penis foreskin and anal fissures, what could it be?It's depressing!	Tinea Sounds like a fungal infection. You tried Fluconazole tablets orally? Try otc Clotrimazole twice daily for 10 days and attempt to keep area very dry.
1026732	Pressure in head when laying down to sleep.  Mostly in forehead,  near eyes and nose. Sides of head as well?  No other symptoms noticed so far.	sinusitis Any postnasal drip on getting up? Could be sinus trouble. See an otolaryngologist.
642596	I have swollen glands in my neck, a sore throat,  ears ache and my tonsils areinflamed and covered in white patches. Is this strep throat?	Possibly Sounds like you are getting sick - go see your internist. They would need to do a culture to verify it is strep throat. Gargle with warm salt water to help with the sore throat. Umcka cold/flu helps a lot too (it all natural).
510388	Does a typical mri/mra with contrast on the brain cover the entire head/neck area or does it just get the brain?	Depends on the order A usual mri/mra is intended to examine the brain, however, depending on the instruction of the ordering physician, other parts of the body, including neck may be imaged.
6649324	I got my period 3 weeks ago. And its been already 5 days i feel cramps. Bloating , nausea and heaviness in breasts. Could i be pregnant?	Pregnancy symptoms The short answer is "yes. " Whenever there is concern about a possible pregnancy then it is best to do a pregnancy test even if you recently had your menses. Pre-menstrual symptoms and pregnancy symptoms are very similar and can be misleading.
79093	Small flesh colored bump labia minora no itch or odor tender to the touch i've had for 6 days hasn't gotten bigger had unprotected sex 16 days ago?	Could be Herpes lesion. Another possibility would be just an inflamed or infected hair follicle. Should have it looked at.
110177	How do they do good mammograms if fibrocystic breasts?	Improved technology The technology of mammography machines has improved considerably over the past several years and can differentiate lesions more readily unless the breasts are extremely dense. .
1602770	My son has two cysts right under his collar bone, doctors are debating between cystic hygroma, and fourth branchial cleft remnant, thoughts?	MRI An MRI should be able to differentiate between the 2. All the best.
389265	Is mitral valve prolapse really asymptomatic? I have a congenital mitral valve prolapse and a heart murmur. When i started feeling dizzy, fatigued and developed mild chest pain i went to see an  cardiologist, because i read on www.Mayoclinic.Com that thes	Possible Mitral vale prolapse (mvp) can cause chest pain, palpitations and sometimes heart murmur. In general it is a benign finding. Rarely the murmur can get worse when the mitral valve chordae is ruptured. Patients develop significant shortness of breat at rest and activity. Rapture of the chordea should bd treated surgically.
1226968	My ex has been smoking meth for a while. Never touched a drug besides alcohol ever. If its been on her skin and mouth how long does it stay. Test fri.	If you didn't ingest Methamphetamine, the amount that made be transferred through skin (which is essentially zero) or through kissing (which is close to zero) shouldn't result in a positive urine test. If you have depression, and are "blacking out" (losing consciousness?) you should seek medical attention for the cause and treatment. Having a methamphetamine user in your life isn't helping either, i imagine.
32613	What can cause sore muscles and joints and swollen lymph nodes?	?chronic fatigue sx One possibility is chronic fatigue syndrome which may be due to a virus (true cause unknown). This is associated with extreme fatigue for at least 6 months, joint pain, muscle pain, swollen lymph nodes and other symptoms. See your doctor to have various lab/blood test to rule out other serious diseases.
286873	Could a yeast infection cause canchre sores near the opening of the vagina and blood streaks when wiping? Feel really raw. No burning urination	Doubtful, see pc There are several possibilities, but yeast is not the most likely. Best to see your pc or gynecologist foe exam.
546909	When i get hungry i feel shaky, anxiety, nausea, and dizzy. About 30 min. After eating it goes away but comes back again when hungry. Blood sugars?	Could be Hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) can cause tremors, dizziness and feeling nauseous. If it gets better with food its a good clue blood sugar may be an issue. Medical evaluation and blood glucose tests will help with determing if thats what it is. Keeping a log of when it happens and what you are eating and when might alos help your doctor make a dianosis.
189022	Had itchy bumps for a week now after going biking w/ sunscreen. Seem to be clear/flesh colored until I scratch them and they turn red. Is it heat rash?	Maybe It is possible, depending on location of the bumps/rash. Areas under clothing or heavy perspiration are potential sites for such rashes. If on outside skin areas where sunscreen was applied, may be assoicated with contact allergy to the sun lotion or its preservatives contained. Do not scratch them. You may try use of 1% hydrocortizone cream (cortaid) applied 2-3 times a day... No scratching.
960879	I am 6 weeks 4days pregnant transvaginal today when did i conceive . According to previous ultrasound and hCG I should be 5 weeks and 3 days .	Asking for Guessing Unfortunately any answer here with this question would be pure speculation. Your OB will give you the most valid answer. The guide we use is that the earliest ultrasounds are the most accurate for dating purposes.
1051315	I was diagnosed with a kidney infection, chlamydia, and possibly gonorrhea (which i got the shot for) 2 days ago , which of these may cause itching?	None None of the above, but possibly one of the antibiotics.
1132473	I have red bumps on tip on head of my penis. Not itchy or bothersome just troublesome to look at. Used condom but didn't shower for rest of day.	See answer Red bumps on the head (glans) of the penis most commonly caused by either irritation, infection, or a specific type of dermatitis. Irritations can be related to trauma or specific irritant (chemical, spermicidal, lubricant, medication, etc). Infections more common in uncircumcised penis and often fungal/yeast (especially in diabetics) or std like hsv. If does not resolve with good hygiene, see md.
690961	Right ear ache, right side of jaw hurts as well as the right side of my throat. Day 4 of taking amoxil still no relief. Pain caused by infection?	Hard to tell Infections are usually resolved with antibiotics. But a toothache from a tooth with a vital nerve can cause your symtoms and will be unaffected by an antibiotic. It may also be your wisdom tooth erupting. Have your dentist take a look.
120763	My sis 4.5 months pregnant w 6 cent cyst on ovary. What should she do? Worry she pass out from pain and low BP if it ruptures.	Observe The cyst may resolve on its own. It is true it may rupture and/or cause pain, but these things may not happen. If the pain becomes unbearable an operation may be done while pregnant to remove it. Otherwise an ultrasound may be done 6 weeks postpartum to check on it. It may be gone by then. If not, her doctor may have some suggestions including surgery.
1111812	Sore throat, hard to swallow, headache and fatigue, green/yellow phlegm. Is this just a common cold or something more, how can I treat from home?	Seasonal flu Is a viral infection that effects your nose, throat and lungs. Dry cough, nasal congestion, fatigue, headache are common symptoms. Usually good rest and a plenty of water is the right treatment. In severe cases an antiviral medication is prescribed. If concerned, see your pcp.
1154514	Can doctor do a tennis elbow release surgery only after examination without doing any scans such as x - ray, CT or mri?Can this surgery be a failure?	Do not think so Surgery might not help you but it usually does.
1185270	Can very spicy food cause internal hem. To bleed? Sigmoidoscopy showed stage 1's. Suspected IBS also.  Enough blood to drip and turn water red	Yes Spicy foods can irritate and aggravate hemorrhoids. Diet is critical to make them better. Avoid hard stools and constipation too.
760394	Strained lower bicep during exercise, about an inch above the elbow, swelling and some bruising but it doesn't hurt if not in use. Should i sling it?	Biceps tear Sounds like at least a partial, if not complete, distal biceps tear. Yes, wear the sling for protection. Also check with your orthopedic surgeon for possible further treatment, imaging, or surgery.
1394016	Chills sore legs fever headache Had bad diarrhea next two days and got a hemorrhoid from wiping. everything settling but bright red specks in stool, only happened twice. red specks from hemorrhoid?	Red blood in stool Specks of bright red blood most likely is from the hemorrhoid and/or a small blood vessel. Nothing to worry about, should resolve on its own. However, if persistent, or frequent such episodes, or more than just a few specks, then have it checked.
767871	I've been suffering with tight pressure in my head, ringing ears, dizzy and servere  fatigue,  I have spondolosis in C5 6. Cat scan normal. Bp 150-90?	Tinnitus Could mnire's disease or headaches. See ENT them neurologist.
6655779	Chronic nasal congestion due to rhinitis. Are saline nasal sprays effective in the long term? Congestion will come back if stopped? Thanks.	Lots of Options OTC non-sedating antihistamines like Allegra, Claritin, or Zyrtec are helpful for perennial allergic rhinitis symptoms, however the gold-standard treatment are daily intranasal steroid sprays if your symptoms are more severe. Avoidance of triggers is important as well and allergy shots are also an option. Saline sprays are useful but will not provide lasting relief used alone. See Allergist.
1436678	A month after sex, I had brown spotting 4-5 days, sore LEFT nipple, and a neg pregnancy test (IRREGULAR PERIODS) Can it be IMPLANTATION BLEEDING??	Sex after one month Unlikely that your pregnant with implantation bleeding.
1409830	Is there anything I can do to combat chronic nausea, abdominal pain, chronic diarrhea and bloody and acidic stools. Esp the diarrhea and acidic stool?	Need to see doctor! These are not normal findings! In fact they might be more indicative of inflammatory bowel or possibly other colon conditions. So you need to have this evaluated immediately by your PCP. S/he can refer you to a gastroenterologist, or other specialist to have this further worked up. In the meantime, you should be on very strict diet to quit irritating your gut lining of foods you may be allergic to.
6628689	Period is 3 days late, veins on my breasts, pelvis, abdomen, arms, sore bigger breasts, negative pregnancy test, could i still be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection. Sounds like just a late period.
1004840	Tonsillectomy, how long until you can have red foods?	There is no.. Contraindication to eating red foods after tonsillectomy. This prohibition was started because of a concern that a patient may not be able to tell red jell-o or liquids from blood when it's thrown back up. I think there's too much hype on this and personally allow my patients who are adults or older children to eat and drink any color food they want.
908632	After birth to my second child the left side of my head has been tingling, dizziness, headache, pressure on the left side also, puffiness on left side?	Headache All these symptoms can be attributed to a sinus infection or chronic sinusitis. Usually, sinus symptoms can be present during pregnancy, but then dissipate after delivery. I would see an ent. Feel better!
878125	My period came 2.5 weeks late.Now I've been bleeding thin bright red blood with clots for 6 days straight now, no cramps.What can this be?I have an appt	Anovulation You may not have ovulated during your last cycle. This is why your period didn't come on time. I assume the case in which you are not pregnant (if there is any doubt, make sure you have a pregnancy test done). When you don't ovulate, your period won't come but the lining of the uterus continues to grow until it is too big for blood vessels to supply it. Then it starts shedding causing your symptom.
1438340	Muscle spasm in chest near heart, weakness & fatigue in legs, brain fog & headache. Vision seems worse recently. Also have right side & back pain.	Get an exam If you are having significant acute (new) chest pain or your vision change is sudden, I would advise you be seen in an ER now. Otherwise, the assorted symptoms you are describing could have many causes and I would strongly recommend that you make an appointment today for an evaluation with your physician. They can do appropriate testing and determine the cause(s).
6785442	Does an ear infection cause a runny nose and chesty cough trying to get mucus off the chest? Chest clear, throat fine.	No--however This pattern of symptoms/problems are often linked to a triggering virus. The virus moves into the airway and structures of the head and causes an accumulation of fluid behind the eardrum.Germs invade the ear through the drainage tube to the throat (Eustachian tube) causing a bacterial middle ear infection as a secondary event.The extra symptoms result from viral irritation to the airways.
644093	My throat was swollen.Doc did a throat culture and it is strep throat c.Left toncel still soreaalong with left side of my tounge and left ear. Normal?	Referred pain If you are just diagnosed the past two days and just started antibiotics, the pain might be less but still present, if you didn't have ear infection during your doctor's visit, the ear pain is most possible referred pain from the throat. Take some analgesics and see if it healps.
6692361	I had a sinus infection about a month ago.. Took the antibiotic augmentin & I thought it had cleared up.. Now I have a cough that will not go away, my lungs feel itchy & tight, I can breathe fine but it's a little uncomfortable. Sometimes the cough makes	Could be Asthma an exacerbation of asthma is common post infection You need to be evaluated for this or other possibilities causing your symptoms
77658	My head, back, neck, shoulders, legs, thighs, feet and ankles hurt. My feet, legs and ankles are numb and tingling. My hands and fingers hurt and numb?	Neuropathy Worth getting checked out --- could be related to diseases like diabetes or vitamin deficiencies. Could also represent some other systemic illness. See your doc for an evaluation.
6674179	I have horrible diarrhea, vomiting, stomach cramps and goosebumps. What are some treatments? And what can I eat? Please help.	GI upset Start with clear liquid like water, soda that is clear, or sports hydration drinks. Sip often to prevent dehydration. Work up to solids with bland foods like bananas, rice, applesauce, toast, gelatin, or chicken. Avoid alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, dairy & high fat foods. Rest.
6688494	I have been getting cold feelings and pain in my elbow and down my forearm, now getting bad pins and needles in my hands at night. any ideas?	Radiculopathy it sounds like this could be some kind of near nerve irritation. Most likely coming from your neck called the cervical radiculopathy. Treatment is usually consists of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory and/ or oral steroids x-rays and MRI of the neck will also be needed. Also complete nerve or neurological testing of the upper extremity to see what your irritation is specifically affected
872658	Does whey protien and creatine supplements effects penis erection or decreases sex power?	NO These supplements, used as directed are harmless as long as your kidneys function properly.
1220698	If your lymph glands in your groin are swollen and hurt do you have a infection  mines look like there swollen but im skinny and they don't hurt help?	Immune system Your lymph system is normal. It is always active and protecting you. Being young and thin means you can see them. They are there in all of us. These lumps are a sign of health.
486200	Day 7 of flu, high fever first 2days,  and unbearable sore throat with no voice for last two days.  Found blood blisters on my throat today, normal?	Blood blisters Yes, you can get blood blisters or petechiae with any significant throat infection. I've even seen them in severe reflux.
6657765	What would cause a high positive ANA (1:640) speckled, nucleolar with a low positive smooth muscle antibody (1:40) but negative SS-A, SS-B, anti-Smith, RNP, SCL-70, Anti Jo antibodies? Liver disease?	Probably normal Many people have a positive ANA without being sick. If you also have elevated liver enzymes, a workup for autoimmune hepatitis may be continued, but if there's nothing to suggest a liver problem biochemically, I'd not be in a hurry to diagnose despite anti-smooth-muscle. ANA means nothing apart from the clinical picture. Best wishes.
1136398	Hi doctors, was just wondering what is an angiogram/describe?	Angiogram Read this: http://www. Webmd.Com/heart-disease/angiogram.
6667089	Is sublingual B12 daily ok to take for pernicious anemia? My health insurance hasn't started yet and I've had to skip injections.	Injections done by you are inexpensive, e. g. once weekly; just need Rx & about amount. Alternatively, just a high dose orally often works as it is commonly the case that even without intrinsic factor, a large enough daily oral intake, including quality OTC versions, can get around the absorption problem & may be the least expensive route. Thus don't focus on the money accumulators (insurance), not the wisest option.
1344969	My daughter has a rash in her feet hands and arms there turning to blisters what is this and what can I do to make it go away?	Rashy Hands and Feet Your daughter probably has a viral illness which frequently results in rashes like these. You may have heard of Hand Foot and Mouth Disease, where u get ulcers in mouth as well, Not all kids these rashes in all parts of body though. Imp thing to remember is that such illnesses are minor and resolve in a week or so. If rash worsens, fever persists or child start acting sick, pl see her pediatrician
1001657	Is it okay to take zyrtec with benadryl?	Not really These are both antihistamines. If both are needed then physician guidance should be sought.
329771	Should i get a mammogram i'm 27 and i been having pain in one of my breast and its usually off and on but it goes away but lately it hurts more?	Yes At your age it is usually not cancer, rather hormonal imbalances but better safe than sorry, especially if you have a family history of breast cancer or other problems.
1392080	EKG, blood tests, xray was normal in ER but still having palpitations, arm and chest pain with nausea. Could this really be anxiety related?	Anxiety?? If , as you say, EKG and blood tests were ALL NORMAL it could then be possible Anxiety. see your doctor if he thinks starting a trial of anxiolytic meds is appropraite here.
6624568	I have sharp pains in temple, jaw clicking, pain radiates up side of face, into ear and back of head. Sometimes a "toothache". Could this be tmj?	Sounds like TMJ Sounds like TMj. See a TMJ expert. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
1537458	Is it safe to take gabapentin, ibuprofen, lorazepam, fluoxetine, paracetamol and tramadol together?	Not unusual There are several categories of medications that are used for the treatment of chronic pain. Unfortunately, for many patients, the long list of medications is not producing the intended or expected result and frustrating. See a pain management doctor for chronic pain management.
1075022	I couldn't get peroid since three month ..I went to doc she said ur pregnancy in bo'rder line then she give me hCG test n then said ur hCG is normal .	Ok You did not really ask a question. Your will need to clarify what your doctor meant by "normal." i assume the doctor meant it was negative meaning not pregnant.
1356675	had a uni skin sparing mastectomy with a free flap and nipple in the first surgery never had a second surgery for shaping, can  liposuction be done on a breast that had microsurgery?	Reconstruction Not liposuction. Even if liposuction were done it wouldn't be done the same way as abdominal /thigh/etc. and it would be done with more care for appearance. Plastic/reconstructive surgery.
1356674	Can small fiber neuropathy cause strange itchy feeling legs?	Possibly Strange itchiness in legs could represent a low level pain expression which might be an early sign of small fibre dysfunction. If this is associated with changes in pin sensation and temperature sensation, might well consider such a cause. Definitive test would be a skin punch biopsy in the legs.
7544	My doctor said I had UTI symptoms and prescribed antibiotics without performing a urine culture. Should I be concerned?	Not necessarily Generally, it is better to have a culture in order to identify the bacteria and ensure that it is sensitive to the antibiotic chosen. It is possible for non-infectious problems to cause symptoms similar to a uti. If the symptoms do not resolve after a course of antibiotics you should probably return for a urine culture prior to further treatment.
1526296	Can you contract Chlamydia through just genital touching alone? Can it be contracted from the penis  touching the vagina for a few moments?	Extremely unlikely This is very unlikely. In theory it might happen, but extremely rare. If you have otherwise been sexually active, then routine STD testing (chlamydia, gonorrhea, etc) is a good idea. But not on account of this particular event.
534507	I don't know why my tonsils are red swollen and inflamed. No sore throat. A hard lump is present on one tonsil. My doctor says its nothing but he didn't look properly. Noticed 4-5 weeks ago. Im worried?	Second opinion If you are still worried then have another physician take a look as well. Make sure you see an ENT because we specialize in the tonsils and problems associated with them.
1188252	Can get genital warts from rubbing penis through vaginal lips? I didn't have intercourse.	Yes The hpv virus can live anywhere in the perineum/genital area. Contact without protection can transmit the virus.
1277370	I have mild high blood pressure and take a new med called losartin 50 mgs. What could cause the creatine to be elevated then?	Good medicine Losartan is in a class of medications called arbs (for angiotensin receptor blocker) and although they may increase creatinine some, they protect the kidneys, particularly from hbp and diabetes. However, when creatinine rises too much, it will have to be stopped. The one to define how much is too much is your physician. Be sure to ask him/her.
1607890	I have a small but very sore lump on the back of my head. On the right side, level with my ear. I have fibro, cfs, vertigo & chronic neck pain. 37 y.o?	Lump Possibilities include: lymph node, abscess, sebaceous cyst, fungal infection
499608	I have what looks to be cervical mucus in my period, with awful cramps! trying to get pregnant. ?	Well The menses can have mucus and some people produce more than others. These changes can be more pronounced when you get off the pill. The exact nature of your specific situation can be hard to elucidate but try 2 aleve 2 x per day for 5 days prior and first 5 days of the cycle. It reduces bleeding in some cases and definately pain.
6735869	2nd migraine I have had in 6 years. Normal to have mild head pain and odd feelings in eyes after the migraine is over?  Can migraines be prevented?	Migraine propranolol is a good medicine for migraine prevention
6790452	I have an raised itchy red rash on my arm the size of a 10p piece. It has lots of little spots inside the area.	Sorry but rash is impossible to help diagnose on this type of forum. We have a consultation service that makes use of a camera. Please use the HealthTap. Thank you.
1151531	I have headaches in the morning, toothaches, neck pain, and occasional numbness in right arm. I also have a history of sleep apnea, bruxism, and disk bulges under tx. Which doctor should I see?	Headaches apnea TMJ Your sleep apnea and morning headaches, toothaches and neck pain can be related. See a dentist trained in neuromuscular treatment to have an evaluation
619995	My dad has pancreatic cancer that spread to his liver. Chemo did not help. The cancer has spread more. How long can he live without further treatment?	Few months at best Most pateints with metastatic pancreatic cnacer die within 6 months to 12 months. So given that he has liver metastases and already failed chemo, he may not live more than 1, 2 or 3 months. But it is not possible to predict it exactly.
578194	I have a broken elbow since thursday i just want to know how long this serve pain lasts and it's really swollen still when should the swelling go down?	Let me explain You will have pain for few days depending on the fracture and if you any complications, let me advice if you a lot pain or numbness may be you have some complications, check with your doctor soon. .
1290317	What does a high amount of RBC and WBC in urine mean but only a trace of bacteria? Also a few epithelial cells were found and I have a swollen uterus	Elevated wbc and rbc Could be kidney/bladder stones rare but possible TB of the kidney can show as wbcs in the urine with no bacteria seen.
908564	I got some relief from a lidocaine shot in my elbow for tennis elbow it helped other pain i had around my elbow. Will tennis elbow surgery help?	See below Lateral epicondylitis or commonly known as tennis elbow is usually a self-limiting conditioning that's comes from repetitive activity. Conservative treatments with anti-inflammatory medication rest tennis elbow bracing occupational therapy avoiding aggravating conditions . Injection therapy with steroid and anesthetic injection is quit helpful . I would try at least two injections before undertaking any surgical intervention. Seeking out an orthopedic surgeon who specializes in upper extremity conditions for further treatment would probably be in your best interest good luck thank you.
1472878	I have been spotting for 1-2 days. Pinkish/brownish. Cramping both ovaries and uterus. Twitches also near ovaries. Sexually active.TTC. Pregnant?	When was LMP Do pregnancy test
569850	I still have sore breast nausea acne dr.Say thinks im pregnant thicking uterus 2wks late ultersound showed possible sac to small to tell still negativ?	And? You've provided a lot of information but what are you asking? If you want an answer, you need to ask a question. Putting a question mark at the end of a sentence doens't make it a question.
488582	Pain and aches in my left shoulder blade, neck and arm. Feels like my arm muscles are pulling, when i turn my neck or rotate my arm.?	Pinched nerve Because patients having cardiac problems can have these symptoms, you should have this ruled out. But the most common cause is an irritation of a nerve in the neck by a bone spur or herniation that can cause pain or numbness that runs down the arm into the hand. An MRI can usually show the cause of the problem if it does not resolve. Thank you for the question.
731474	Can studying too much and sleeplessness lead for headache (like pressure on head) and nervousness and insomia and dizziness ? Or counsult a physician	Yes Along with lack of sleep, muscle tension and eye strain could lead to a headache. Try closing your eyes periodically while studying and relax your facial muscles.
1605495	Very red itchy vaginal area. The skin is broken and bleeding even though I'm not scratching. There is no discharge. Only extremely red and itchy. Why?	Yeast These symptoms can be caused by yeast or by a contact dermatitis. You need to be seen and examined so that you can be treated properly.
1310701	My areola on my right breast is turning white and my nipple is a bit darker than usual. I'm definitely not pregnant, so what could it be?	Hormonal It is probably hormonal changes at your age- as you age these things change. I would ask a general surgeon who specializes in the breast to examine you.
918414	I wear a 30-40 mm thigh high stocking for a DVT ten inches above knee 4.5 months ago. Is thigh high the right length? How long should I wear 30-40?	Post Thrombotic Syn Within two years of their diagnosis, 27% - 47% of patients with a history of DVT develop post thrombotic syndrome, of which approximately 10% are associated with ulceration. The use of 30-40mm hg calf-high compression stockings for two years after DVT development will help reduce the risk of post thrombotic syndrome.
753175	I've had itching down there and if i scratch it gets swollen and sore and now I have a scab on the outer lips and it hurts and itches. What is wrong?	Itching You may have a yeast infection or eczema. Both conditions can cause itching and redness in your private area but they're treated differently. For a yeast infection, you can use Lamisil cream twice a day for a week. For eczema, you should use Cortaid twice a day for 1-2 weeks. If there is no improvement, see your doctor.
1445666	30yrold female with BMI 25. 4 months postpartum. LDL level140, HDL 46 total cholesterol 206. Is this a concern? What should it be to be very healthy.	Depends on Particles Cardiovascular (CVD) risk is related to the number of LDL and HDL particles (LDL-P, HDL-P). LDL can be estimated by cholesterol (LDL-C) or measured by particle number (LDL-P). LDL-C and LDL-P do not equally predict cardiovascular risk. When LDL-C and LDL-P values disagree (due to cholesterol variability per particle) CVD risk tracks with LDL particle number, not LDL-C values.
1520991	I have a bump on the back of my tongue. Feels like I have a popcorn kernel stuck there! My throat doesn't hurt but feels swollen and mucusy! Normal?	Depends You can have a food material partially embedded, can have localized infection of pharyngeal wall. See PMD.
300148	Hi I've been having chest pains. Had a CT scan done and they found i had two swollen lymph nodes.  I have no other symptoms becides the chest pain.?	Quite a few causes Chestwall itself, esophagus/stomache, lungs, heart, pancreas, and even liver problems can cause chest pain. In the young, more likely chestwall itself or reflux is causing pain. As we get older heart disease becomes more common cause of concern. Since u gave only limitted info, it is diiffult to tell what you have. Please repost a more specific question or consult your doc. Good luck.
387651	I get a bubble on my eyeball after a sever allergy attack. Is this a normal reaction? I'm allergic to cat dander and when i'm exposed to them my eyes get itchy and watery. However over the past year i've noticed a bubble of fluid on my left eyeball while	The The white part of the eye surrounding the curves is called the conjunctiva. This outer lining of the eye may uncommonly swell during an allergic reaction similarly to skin or mucosal lining swelling that occurs as a result of allergic reactions. The release of histamine by may cells that are involved in allergic reactions causes the itching and swelling that you experience including in the conjunctive. The treatment for eye symptoms including itchy, watery or swelling is with an anti histamine eye drop such as Patanol or pataday, ask your doctor for a prescription.
1069882	What are the chances of an anxiety/depression/psychosis (?) episode will happen again now that I am doing better (1yr) and on Lexapro for 7 months?	Stick with treatment What's important is to stay on the medications that helped you get better for as long as your doctor says you need to. We usually recommend staying on the medicine(s) that helped someone get better for a year from the time that you can say you really felt better, not just the total amount of time you have been on them. Psychotic symptoms and anxiety complicate those recommendations however.
618822	Left arm twitching below elbow & shoulder & arm weakness/burning for past couple of days.  Cause for concern?  I repeatedly check bp, could be cause?	Recommend you Check in with your physician.
622348	Shortness of breath chest pains breast pain upper back pain all on left side. Causes?	Many Causes...Get evaluated by your physician.
700662	Hi , I have a swelling enlarged near my anus during bowel movement..No itchy, bleeding or pain..Is that hemorrhoids, will it go away on its own?	Perhaps Only time will tell. If the swelling persists more than a month then you should see your doctor. If pain or significant bleeding occurs you may want to see the doctor sooner.
6700486	I sneeze a lot and I have nasal congestion at the back of my throat. Also throat is sore and sometimes my ear hurts. What could it be?	Potential allergies See your doctor to review your symptoms and be examined. If these are seasonal, they may be allergies. All the best.
1162386	Does atenalol help prevent stroke and heart attacks? When does someone need to be on blood pressure medicine?	140/90 Atenolol reduces the risk of second heart attack in those who have had one. For primary prevention, it reduces the risk of stroke and heart attack in people with elevated blood pressure. If your BP is averaging >140/90, you should be on some form of treatment. Atenolol is one of many good treatments.
1222693	If I have hCG levels less than two detected five weeks since last sexual contact what are the chances i'm still pregnant?	Pregnancy Levels less than two is sometimes negative in most laboratories. Some lab report levels less than 5 units as negative. I don't know if your question comes after having a miscarriage or symptoms of miscarriage or if you are in early pregnancy. If you think you are pregnant, please take your prenatal vitamins and follow up with your doctor.
797325	Headaches, blood in my saliva, pain in my back/throat, muscle spasms, pale, diaherria blood work normal, CT of head normal, chest X-ray normal, EKG normal?	Get evaluated By a local physician.
654272	I have been having sore breast for about a week now and the last 2 days blue veins showed up on my right side of my chest and breast. Am i pregnant?	Doubtful Although breast pain is a common symptom, I am unaware of unilateral breast changes you describe are a sign of pregnancy. You should always see a doctor with new breast changes.
84630	Fever 38.5 deg centigrade, headache, joints hurting including eye sockets and a sore throat. Any idea what it can be?	Possible the Flu If this is sudden onset it could be the flu.
608001	If i get reoccurent yeast infections, can I use yogurt to treat or prevent this? Either vaginally or by eating it?	Eating the Yogurt can be a great help in recolonizing your gut with good bugs and therefore be of some benefit. The alternative route doesn't sound promising to me.
349118	While on holiday in mexico, i experienced sudden extreme dizziness, nausea, sudden high blood pressure (normally it is low), racing pulse. What is it?	Hard to know Could have been a lot of things some of which are serious. Should tell your doctor.
689874	Will a urinary tract infection cause very swollen inguinal lymph nodes?	Usually not Urinary tract infection usually does not cause inguinal lymphnode enlaregment, but infection in the genital area can.
1347042	Tender breast & nipples, sore ribcage edge and lower abdomen, taste of blood in mouth, headache, frequent unrine, bloated w/ gas. Could I be pregnant?	Possibly Pregnancy can cause all kinds of symptoms. There are other problems that can cause the same symptoms. The simplest way to find out is to take a pregnancy test. If you have missed your period, it is possible that you can be pregnant. I recommend you follow up with your doctor as soon as you can to address your concerns and symptoms.
871832	No stuffy or runny nose, no fever or sinus pressure but mucus has been in back of throat when i swallow for weeks, throat has been irritated for weeks?	Look at diet Sounds like allergies and when you have no other respiratory symptoms, consider food allergy. My first recommendation is to stop dairy as it can increase mucous production. You could also have a silent sinus issue so if you are not seeing significant improvement off dairy, see your doctor and consider allergy testing.
597468	Is changing positions during sex a way to get a bacterial infection through the vagina.	Only after anal sex Most common cause of getting a bacterial urinary infection is bacteria from around the urethral or vaginal opening moving up the urthra by the pumping action within vagina situated just under the ur increaseethra. Uti can be avoided by emptying bladder after sex. Changing positions during vaginal sex does not increase vaginal infections or utis.
6724142	Tyler has hemophilia and woke up last night with swelling on his elbow. It has grown increasingly worse, and is now very swollen, red, and tender. ?	Hemophilia, swollen this could be serious-- he may be bleeding into his joint. ,, if you are unable to reach his hematologist right now, you should proceed to the ER now.. The bleeding needs to be stopped to prevent further damage.
6720113	My 8 year old daughter has been experiencing pain , pins n needles, tingling and redness in her finger tips on both hands?	See a doctor She needs to see a Pediatrician
772148	We are ttc, I am supposed to start my period in two days, but these last few days I have lots of creamy discharge is that pregnancy or yeast infection	Vaginal discharge Your discharge could either be the result of the effect of hormones on your vaginal secretions (such as Progesterone following ovulation or an early pregnancy), or an infection. If it continues, you should see your gynecologist for an evaluation.
6638510	I started my period early with very light spotting of brown blood took a pregnancy test and it came back negative. Now have heavy brown blood. Why?	Normal variation There are variations in the pattern and amount of bleeding in normal menstrual cycles and what you described seems to fall within that normal variation.
1516250	Rod put in femur through knee then removed ten years ago. Now my knee is swollen and tight. What do I do. Hasn't happened since it healed.	FIRST, SEE A DOCTOR FOR AN EXAMINATION, POSS XRAY TO SEE WHAT THE PROBLEM IS BEFORE YOU CAN FIND A SOLUTION.
943881	Is there any surgery to replace cartilage in my knee to alleviate pain and swelling?	Maybe There are cartilage surgeries such as microfracture (breaking tiny holes in your bone to form scar cartilage), allograft (bone/cartilage from donor tissue), juvenile particulate cartilage (allograft cartilage from young donor tissue), or autologous chondrocyte implantation (your own cartilage, grown in lab and reimplanted). Maybe total knee replacement. Speak w/surgeon to see if u r candidate.
1547285	I have 3 small sore swollen red bumps on different fingers, all came at different times in the last 24 hrs. Not dry. What r they? Chilblains? Herpes?	Hard To Say You might be describing dyshidrosis or scabies or even an id reaction,
621470	Signs if yeast infection from taking antibiotic to treat e. Coli found in vagina. What is the best way to treat potential yeast? Monistat? Diflucan?	Monistat Monistat.
1293374	Chest pain and shortness of breath. Sharp pains an  pressure in chest then increased heart rate. Dizziness, fatigue, and extreme muscle fatigue nuasia?	EMERGENCY Please have someone take you to the nearest hospital asap. Better yet, call 911!
6632517	I got a knee corticosteroid injection 2 days ago & now the skin over my hip bone is swollen. Is this normal? Thanks.	Not normal Such an injection into your knee should have no effect on your hip. If there is true swelling over the hip or pain, notify the physician who administered the injection and have your hip,knee and entire leg examined.
6700738	Had an inclusion cyst surgically removed. It has now been 5 days since surgery and still has a tiny bit of bleeding where stitches are in place.	Check with surgeon Bleeding should have stopped by now. If not, check with the surgeon who performed the procedure
6726849	For several days I've had severe leg pain in the top of my thigh, random bruising, Dizziness, nausea and stomach pains. Help?!	See details Then see a doctor and have the issues evaluated. Abdominal pain can be a serious issue.
6639391	Could sucking my thumb while i have braces effect the outcome of my teeth? Callous on both thumbs, 18, Suck for more than 10 hours a day. Stressed?	Call orthodontist Discuss this your orthodontist. A habit breaker may be indicated to wear at night.
6672245	Can IVs near the elbow joint cause arm/shoulder/chest pain that last for days afterwards? (ER doctor said im not at risk for a heart attack)	IV,pain NO;but why at your age would one need an iv? Pain always needs a explanatory mechanism should something serious be missed.
367245	How long is hand foot and mouth disease contagious for?	A short time. It is moderately contagious and is spread through direct contact with the mucus, saliva, or feces of an infected person. A person is contagious when the first symptoms appear and may continue until the blister-like skin lesions disappear.
6747180	Was in a car accident 6days ago, hit ulnar nerve. received steroid shot, but thimb, ring, and pinky are still numb with shooting pain in elbow. Help?	Time Should get better with time, but I would see a hand surgeon for a consultation to get a better idea of the diagnosis and prognosis. Hope this helps!
407325	Am i pregnant? Tender breast, frequent urination, moody, sore breast since the first of april, increased appetite, veins showing, breast feel heavier, bloated, breast size increased.	If If there is a possibility you could be pregnant, you should take a pregnancy test. You can either take a home pregnancy test as long as it has been 5- 6 weeks since your last normal period, or you can go see your doctor and they can test you. A home pregnancy test is 97% accurate if taken a week or more after the missed period and a doctor's test can tell around when you should be getting your next period. Good luck!
1605949	22/m going to see pcp in a week need ideas plz, left hand ,leg feel a little weak , on & off, my thumb and index fingers as well , also have twitching?	Pinched nerve? Have your doctor check you for a pinched nerve n neck or back, another possibility would be amyotrophic lateral sclerosis which can cause weakness, numbness in extremities, and muscle twitching. Good luck!
618423	I have the following symptoms itchy red skin, coughing, blocking nose, sore body , get dizzy at times and dark urine what could i be suffering from , tx?	See doctor See dermatologist or regular doctor. You may have kidney disease.
6649665	Had gallbladder removed 2wks ago & woke up today with several red itchy blotchy patches on hands, feet, legs? I'm off all medication, any thoughts?	Rash Unclear. Probably not directly related to operation. Best to all your primary care provider today for an urgent appointment. Ok to see another doc, pa, or np. Hope this helps!
1419612	I have a spot/bump on my scalp that is red and has yellow/skin colored flaky skin around it that itches & I can scratch off. What is is? Cures?	See doctor to have it checked . Do not not scratch it off.
271287	Does pelvic prolapse cause incontinence?	Partly It's associated and caused by the same factors that cause most stress incontinence but stress incontinence can occur without prolapse.
1029161	What can I do for a mucoid cyst on my finger? It is close to the nail bed and looks like a pimple..What can I do?	Mucous Cyst Mucous cysts are small, fluid-filled sacs that form on the fingers. They are associated with osteoarthritis (oa).Treatment for mucous cysts may be either nonsurgical or surgical.The relative risks and benefits of any mucous cyst treatment should be considered carefully.Surgery is recommended if you feel significant pain or if the cyst and skin appear ready to rupture.If it ruptures see a doctor.
1480963	Is it normal in the stomach flu to continue to have diarrhea for several days after the nausea subsides?	Eat a plain diet Diarrhea can often outlast stomach symptoms when you have a viral gastroenteritis or stomach flu. As your body is clearing the virus, the virus moves down. Also sometimes after infection your intestines may be irritated and unable to digest and reabsorb as well as usual. Stay well hydrated and consider avoiding irritating foods (milk, fiber) until you feel better. wash your hands frequently.
6790873	I am very afraid of mrsa infection. Had groin infection confirmed two weeks ago, finished treatment of Bactrim. Am I a danger to family and spouse?	Not to worry Probably your MRSA is already around your home and it's likely your spouse is already carrying it (from sharing a bed, etc). Maybe others in the house as well. But that's probably as far as it will go. It's normal to have staph on the skin, and mostly no infection results. You were unlucky, but that doesn't mean the others will be. MRSA is no more virulent than other staph, just harder to treat.
1290171	Severe cramping, bloating an nausea sore breast, freq urination. Er did urine blood an pelvic exam. Found cervix slightly red an brown blood. Causes?	Obgyn visit You could ask for your records and see what tests were done in the er. Schedule a follow up visit with a gynecologist who can evaluate your cervix.
280053	Runny nose with (nasal congestion), headache, sneezing, sore throat in the morning only. Occasional blood tinged mucous embedded on floor of throat?	Virus This sounds like a viral upper respiratory infection. Treatment is symptomatic for pain and fever. If bloody mucus continues after the infection resolves, you should seek medical care.
1606265	I have symptoms of stomach flu, but no nausea and diarrhea. I was diagnosed this week with chest inflammation and am on ibuprofen. Is it OK to take?	Okay but... Ibuprofen is okay to take but it may make your stomach symptoms worse. It can cause irritation to the stomach lining. If you take it make sure to take it with a meal. Another alternative is to take an over the counter prilosec with the ibuprofen since it can protect the stomach from the harmful effects of the ibuprofen.
893768	Chest pain after smoking e-cig extra heavily yesterday. Feels really sore if i move around but if i lie still it doesn't hurt.  Sometimes sharp pain.	Muscle strain Sounds like you may have strained your muscles of respiration (rib cage, intercostal muscles, and muscles of respiration). I suggest avoiding e-cigs, rest, simple analgesics (advil, Aspirin , tyelenol, aleve).
1186365	My blood test on 14 feb 2014 shows ALT 76 and AST 67 but bilibruin level is writhing normal rage do I have to be so worried about this ar this stage?	Depends on cause How much do you weigh? Losing weight will help if your bmi is above 25. Stop drinking alcohol entirely. Have a diet rich in fresh vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low fat milk and milk products, nuts, beans, legumes, lentils and small amounts of lean meats. Avoid saturated fats. Exercise at least 150 minutes/week and increase the intensity of exercise gradually. Do not use tobacco.
271756	What do you do if you have lots of ear and jaw pain after a tonsillectomy?	Medication. Tonsillectomy very painful in adults. You should be prescribed strong narcotic pain medication. If your pain persists more than a week, I'd have someone look at your TMJ. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
335222	Excessive weight lifting now have swollen hands, veins &arm ?	See a doctor This is probably just overuse but i would make sure there is nothing else going on. I would recommend you see a hand surgeon for a full evaluation.
143050	My fiance started walking for two days now she complaining of pain under her knee cap above the shin it hurts when she applies pressure and squats.?	Tendinitis If the pain is directly below the knee cap, it is patellar tendinitis. Would stretch, ice, and use anti-inflammatories. Start off walking short distance, and gradually increase. Make sure she has good sneakers.
6730092	Visible muscle twitcing calves/body could it be als? I'm 28 F. with high fibrillation on my emg in feb. Mod/high ck. no infl twitching is new. Scared	ALS is rare if you have fasciculation of the tonge and additional upper motor neuron findins ( abnormal reflexes, spasticity, upgoing toes the index of suspicion for ALS is raised. More common causes of muscle fasciulation include,electrolyte disturbances, over exertion, and thyroid disease. Best of health. When in doubt see a neurologist who specializes in ALS
760001	Have facial pressure on left side of nose and in my head round by my eye, nasal congestion and post nasal drip. It is not a sinus infection.Any ideas?	Blocked sinus This can be an inflammation in the nose or low grade nasal infection causing blo9ckage of the sinus openings. See an ENT doctor.
1233299	Please advise if it's normal not to get cat scans after breast cancer treatment?	Depends... ...On many factors. Current standards of care do not recommend scans for patients with low risk for recurrence as they do not improve the overall chances of surviving the cancer (this was proven in at least 2 or 3 clinical studies). Patients with stage 3 cancer often do get scans, especially in the beginning, to do a complete staging.
6641788	My son for the past 2 weeks he been saying he chest is sore. sometimes it's in the middle and hurts when he move r breath?	Costochondritis This could be costochondritis which is an inflammation of the bones that connect your ribs to your breastbone. Possible musculoskeletal pain if he has been weight training. He still should have this evaluated by his Primary Care Provider especially if he is having trouble breathing.
6752102	Hello, I need help understanding the results of my measles-immunity-blood-test. On the result sheet it is indicated that the normal value for both igm and igg is <9.  My igg value is 24.7, which I presume means that I have immunity to measles . My igm val	Measles titer a titer of igG of less than 9 means there was no previous exposure to measles or there was a previous exposure but the immunoglobulin level is decreasing, the level does not discriminate between post exposure to the actual virus or from immunization. Someone who is vaccinated against measles will have a high IgG level that is greater than 9 ( in this case 24.7)
938599	Trying to conceive! last mo. Painful period. Ovulated today, sex 4 times in past 2 days. Today ovary pain rt side, bloated, nausea, sex hurts. Cyst?	Ovulation Probably pain from ovulation.
600560	High values of rubella IgG and IgM virus after first miscarriage. Wife is pregnant again. Must she take cap rovamycin forte, or she is absolutely fine?	Rubella If your wife was igm positive previously, that indicated recent immune response at that time. She should now be immune with risk.
716070	How do u get a full evaluation of the brain, heart, blood? I'm getting very lightheaded & has had mri&ct 6mths ago normal. & had a full blood work up!	Hmmm... Well, i doubt we'll be able to do this in 400 characters, but the lightheadedness is often broken down into several categories. If it's fainting or near-fainting spells, that's called syncope or near-syncope and we usually check with a cardiologist about that. If it's like the sensation you get when you stand up too fast, it may be low blood pressure, especially if you're on meds.
77334	The side of my nipple is slightly dimpling was that mean I have a breast cancer?	Possible Skin dimpling could be due to a benign tumor, scar, trauma or cancer. Best to get medical evaluation.
826467	Mom snores really loudly & unfortunately to our living situation we have to sleep in the same room. What will help her stop?	Options Sounds like mom may need a sleep study to rule out sleep apnea. Until then other options are having her try sleeping on her side, ear plugs, white noise machines or make your own (turn on a fan, listen to music). Make sure you are nice and relaxed before getting into bed. Take a bath, drink some sleepytime tea and try to relax.
1259172	I had  white discharge and itchy urethra, tested (-) for STDs but was treated for chlamydia/gonorrhea anyways. A week later, itchy urethra returns?	Discharge Go back to your doctor and this time have your discharge cultured for a fungus. Which can give you a white itchy vaginal rash.
1405265	My daughter started out with a tiny clustery white itchy patches of bumps on her arm, it grows fast from itching it. now its on her chest also. ?	See your doctor it would be an unusual rash to go arms to chest. .. see you doctor or dermatologist.
1245900	What would affect one eye:cause extreme pain in movement, touch, ect, bloodshot in one spot and swelling? Felt like a migraine til it was swollen today.	Pain in eye One sided eye pain may need follow up. Pain in the eye itself always needs to be checked out. Cluster headaches often present more commonly men, with this type of lancinating pain. I would recommend follow up with your family physician.
1380536	Been having a Hard time breathing, feeling like I cant get enough air. Swelling in legs and feet. Have issues with high heart rate and low blood press?	See a doctor It is difficult to properly assess your complaints over the internet. You need to see a doctor in person for a proper evaluation.
1608553	I have red tiny bumps on the back of my head. Got a haircut last week. It's also red around the bumps. It itches a bit. Can heat cause it?	Yes it could but also worry about acne keloidalis nuchae. See dermatologist for answers
1533745	Sore throat,  headache and face pain. Hoarse voice. No cough. A chunk of brown reddish phlegm just came up my throat by itself. Should I see dr?	Yes Yes. A medical evaluation would be indicated. Also in the meantime treat with NSAIDs, saline gargle, soft diet.
533338	Someone help my knee really hurts and its making my whole leg hurt from my ankle up its bruised and swollen help?	See your doctor This problem can only be solved by seeing your doctor and being evaluated face-to-face. After a thorough examination, your doctor should be able to tell you what's wrong and what to do about it.
954488	Itchy rash on hands and feet from antibiotics?	Possibly Change antibiotic or try and antihistamine.
858741	I have clear inverted nipple discharge and moderate breast pain here and there is this normal? Discharge came ever since i had breasts age 12.I'm 18.	Likely not cancer Although this is likely from a benign process, either physiologic or from a small benign intra ductal mass, it would be best for a physician to examine you. Some medications can result in discharge and pain. Some times this could be from local inflammation of the ducts called peri ductal mastitis.
524601	I'm 4 weeks pregnant & i had a really bad cold & sore throat, i took children's alcohol/aspirin/ & ibuprofen free triaminic syrup, will my baby be ok?	Yes There is no evidence of any problems with the ingredients in triaminic, which is listed as a class b drug. Class a drugs are those few where major amounts of research have showed no harm, but class b drugs are considered to be very safe. However, it is a good idea in the future to discuss use of otc drugs in advance with your OB provider. Am glad you are so concerned, good luck with pregnancy.
282106	Have mucus that comes up into throat I assume from my lungs as my sinus' are clear.  It has been going on for 5 years now with no diagnosis.  Feel bad and sometimes a little short of breath, more a heaviness feeling.  Have had pft and test for asthma, foo	See below Asthma is still possible even if pft doesn't show it. Less likely if you have had metacholine challenge, not sure if that is what you mean by test for asthma. Acid reflux is another possibility, as well as occupational exposures to fumes or chemicals that may irritate your airways without actually causing asthma. I assume you don't smoke; if you do that would explain everything.
393784	Do people with somatization or undifferentiated somatoform disorder's experience symptoms during sleep? Is it typical for a patient diagnosed with a somatoform disorder to experience symptoms of autonomic dysfunction while sleeping? The sleeping symptoms	Not Not necessarily. I recommend that you sit down with the sleep specialist, to obtain the best explanation of for these issues. He or she can then give you direction about how next to proceed.
6667751	My dad has diarrhea, fatigue, muscle aches. He doesn't have a fever. He had a stuffy nose/sore throat earlier. How contagious is this, And what is it?	Virus This is consistent with a flu like viral infection which is contagious for several days before and after symptoms have appeared. The infection usually resolves without any specific treatment except good fluid intake,rest, light diet and Tylenol.
1376816	6 days past ovulation been cramping for few days had white mucus type discharge could I be pregnant?  Period starts 26th	Pregnancy tests Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection. Schedule a visit to have your discharge evaluated
1462407	My period out of sudden end3 days earlier than usual a week every months.I have thick white discharge,cramp,bloated,gas,breast tender n feel vomiting?	See your gyn would see gyn. Need pelvic exam
289669	I get facial& preorbital  cellulitus a lot  I have a sinus staph infection that  is starting to worry me. What things are flags to go to the er?	Redness,swelling Redness, swelling, pain-you should go.
750889	I started taking lysteda two weeks ago for my period. Well with that i had the nasal congestion. Now two weeks later have chest congestion sore throat?	Lysteda One of the side effects of the medication is a running nose. Running nose can cause a post nasal drip and give you a sore throat and chest congestion.
486079	I have ovarian cyst an im in pain and my stomach is swollen what do I do?	Ovarian cyst Is usually not painful. Therapy depends on size of the cyst. See a gynecologist.
1461475	I was exposed to oil based paint fumes. Nausea, headache and dizziness was experienced now two days later have sore throat and lung issues. Pneumonia?	Chemical reaction I advise immediate medical evaluation. This sounds like a reaction to inhaled chemicals.
882588	I have post-nasal drip, a nonproductive  cough, and a tickly throat. Cough began with stuffy nose, deeper in chest a week ago. Chest cold, allergies?	Either It could be either and the best one to tell is the doctor who examines you. Go see someone soon.
1226203	On generess birth control for 6 months and have brown short "periods" (no red blood); is this normal or pregnant? Hcg blood test is negative	That can be normal As often on the pill you do not build up as much endometrial tissue so you will have less to sometimes no bleeding at period time what did your OB say because if you had a blood preg test that doc should have explained that to you !
1413349	36yrs. 28day Cycle2-3day Period. Sex 2days b4 ovulation & spotting on day 9after ovulation. Cramps & dull lower back pain. neg HPT after 4 days late.	Irregular period It does not sound like you are pregnant since your home pregnancy test was negative. I think it is just an irregular period.
707478	What can I do if my EKG and my echocardiogram were all normal. Could i still be at risk for heart disease?	Yes Resting studies are helpful but a dynamic study like an exercise stress test is better at risk stratification.
707472	I have lost some hearing in left ear, no fluid in ear, failed tympanic pressure test, what could the cause be? Going for MRI in 8 months.	Talk to your doctor At your age, possible causes for decreased hearing in one ear include a benign nerve tumor called vestibular schwannoma, and middle ear disease. The failed tympanometry would tend to point to the middle ear, possibly a chronic infection or a benign process called cholesteatoma. If MRI is not readily available, a ct of the middle ear (temporal bones) may at least help rule out some conditions.
1428981	I have many small lumps on the side of my armpit up to above my breast. They are sore and feel small and round but are only on one side. ?	Lymph Nodes Hello, This sounds like you have some lymph node that are swollen or inflamed. If this is the case, it can be the sign of an infection or other process going on. This should be evaluated by your physician. If the lumps are in the breast tissue and not actually in the armpit, they could be cysts or a different mass of the breast. In any case, get seen and make sure all is well.
540361	I had protected sex 3 times this month, now I have missed period, lots of white discharge, mild cramps, no soreness in breasts, no vomiting. Pregnant?	Do HPT If you are more than 3-4 days past due for your period, you may do a home pregnancy test using first morning urine and following the instructions carefully. Consult this site for other signs of pregnancy. http://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/pregnancy-am-i-pregnant.
1580139	Difference in urinary tract, kidney,  and bladder infections? Or symptoms?  How long does it take to get urine test results? Treatment for 2 year old?	Not a simple answer Typically with a bladder infection you get more local symptoms like dysuria, hematuria, sensation of needing to go the bathroom often. With an upper urinary tract infection (kidneys, tract) you may get more systemic symptoms like fever, abd pain, vomiting. Urinalysis is a quick test (seconds), a urine culture takes 1-2 days. Abx choice is the same, may need IV if really sick and vomiting.
6733840	Symptoms: bilateral inflammation around lacrimal glands, fatigue, joint pain. Tested + for Lupus antigens.  Could have sarcoidosis. Your thoughts?	Calm down appreciate your concerns, you don't have a definitive diagnosis yet, symptoms and information you gave are sketchy, no one can make even a provisional diagnosis with this material, trust your treating physician, ask for a working / provisional diagnosis, even ask for a second opinion it's your right, but stick to professional help rather than Dr Google, take care
60308	I have my tubes tied by I kept getting nausea I haven't had my period and im having lower abdomen pain I have taken pregnancy test they was neg what is?	Depends How long ago was surgery? Have you been back to see your doctor. The cause could be adhesions from the tubal procedure
1103095	I have a retroverted uterus & a 5cm cyst on my left ovary that caused a miscarriage. Could I have reoccurring miscarriages if not treated?	Are you sure? There are certain uterine anomalies that can result in a miscarriage, or spontaneous abortion. These include septate, bicornuate, and obstructed hemi-uterus. Surgical correction is not usually indicated for a retroverted uterus. Ovarian cysts are not known to be related to loss of a fetus. If they are large, cause pain, or believed to be cancerous, they may be treated with surgery.
832893	Hurt my knee a couple weeks ago at work got down on my knee to get something and had a sharp pain go thru the right side of my knee. Now i feel pressure and pain and sometimes stiffness?	Evaluation required Possible tendon/ligament/meniscus damage or even bursitis or arthritis. Evaluation by rheumatologist or orthopedic indicated.
1496574	There is a spot on my head that feels like my hair is being pulled, but it isn't. I didn't hit it on anything either. It hurts a lot when I touch it. ?	See details Then see a doctor to determine the cause of the pain.
1478977	3 days after mosquito bite, painful blisters, swelling, rash, nausea, headache, abdominal pain, non-responsive to benedryl/hydrocortisone. What to do?	See doctor Local inflammation from mosquito bite which comes on 2-3 days after the bite may be due to Skeeter Syndrome. However abdominal pain is unusual. Mosquito also carries virus such as West Nile fever and thus you need to get to your doctor ASAP to get this checked out.
215575	I have breast tenderness, bloating, stomach cramps, frequent urination. Could I be pregnant?	Yes it's possible Yes the symptoms you describe could very easily be pregnancy. You might want to see your doctor to confirm this if home pregnancy test fails to confirm this
6620838	12 weeks pregnant, feeling dizzy, faint, having headaches, fatigue, and weak? I almost fainted and my vision was black and blurry?	Pregnant, headaches Blurry vision in pregnancy most often due to hormonal changes causing unstable tear film/dry eye. Also check your blood pressure & urine to be sure no concern for high BP or pre-eclampsia. Start non-preserved artificial tears 4-6 times per day do not help (& lid hygiene: see eyedoc2020@blogspot.com), Also see your OB & your eyeMD as soon as you can.
628078	I have continuous headaches, dizziness (rocking boat), nausea, fatigue. What could be the reason?	Headache Is very common and can have multiple reasons , if if so bad than it is worth it to see u pcp for evaluation and work up.
834440	What are the predisposing factors that can transform or activate the chronic hepatitis b virus to lead for cirrhosis, liver failure, hepato cancer .. ?	Not clearly known It is quite unpredictable what leads the virus to do most of the damage to the liver. So best one can do is avoid any other hepato-toxins like alcohol use . Aslo eat healthy and avoid fatty liver which accompanies over eating and execessive weight. Eat healthy which is to consume low sugared foods with ample amounts of fruits and veggies with each meal.
6758663	I'll had a medial meniscus repair done in nov.still having pain walking,squating ,locks up if i sit too long..dr says i have osteoarthritis in my knee gave me sterile shot 4 time and 3 Euflexxa shots also says I have osteoarthritis in knee and it painfull	Post operative or post traumatic arthritis is a common side effect of invasive joint surgery. I advise an aggressive PT rehab, medicine for pain and swelling and most of all follow up with your surgeon.
1438111	Had tingling sensation then blood in urine. Neg uti. Passed sac 4 wks later. Took neg hCG blood test 3 weeks later. Did I miscarry?	Please Please see a doctor right away to get an accurate answer.
1272256	Is that pissible ovarian bleeding after lap surgery forms a 5cm cyst in a few mts? If so, is this going away or do I need any treatment?	Unlikely A lap surgery does not cause ovarian bleeding - nor does it cause ovarian cysts.
762763	Warm /burning sensation in upper abdomen left side and in center of chest , abdominal area feels bloated  bloated feeling goes away when i lay down?	Try lansoprazole Sounds like it could be a peptic ulcer developing. It could be a few other things, but upper GI ulcer, or barrette's (sp?) esophagus is probably most common. Other things are possible depending on your demographics, history, etc. Try taking a medication for stomach acid, anything over the counter should due. You should also be tested for h. Pylori, the organism associated with UGI ulcers.
1349275	I have a sharp pain in my left leg that is shooting from my knee down to my ankle and then back up to knee sometimes causing my leg to give out help?	Torn cartilage? Sometimes a torn knee cartilage will cause pain with "giving way" of the leg. This could also be due to a muscle strain or pinched nerve. See your doctor to have this checked. Good luck!
1210656	Husband is urinating blood, has urgency to go often but not much comes out each time. He is 34 yrs old. He has slight burning, not much. Is it uti?	See doctor asap Could be an infection so see a doctor. Blood in the urine is not a normal and needs to be evaluated.
632972	My period was 4 days late then lasted 9 days, it's normally 6. 6 days later i'm having light bleeding, headaches, bloating, sore breasts. Ttc .	Pregnancy possible Menstrual abnormalities are common, and if you wish to have a more normal menstrual cycle, your doctor can help you.
766730	Uti two days before period which causes frequent urination, unprotected sex during ovulation, is this a pregnancy symptom or just uti?Also mild cramps.	Yes and no You have symptoms of uti. There is also a possibility of pregnancy based on the history. Have a urine analysis and urine culture done. Also have a pregnancy test done. See your gyn or family doctor soon. Uti and miscarriage have a correlation. So don't delay.
6758447	I have a small pea sized lump on my left breast right behind the nipple that measures about 1cm I'm pregnant and extremely worried
Does lump size determine its severity in breast cancer?	Exam and mammogram Breast cancer in young people is rare, but an exam, careful history and probably a mammogram and or ultrasound is required. Depending on the findings, a biopsy may be required. While a 1 cm cancer would be small and probably have a good prognosis, the diagnosis must be made first. See your obstetrician.
215712	I have a spot on my penis that I though was a wart.  Dr says it's not a wart. I don't like how it looks. Can it be removed? How is that done?	Depends It's hard to say without knowing what it is. Perhaps you should see a dermatologist. Freezing with liquid nitrogen might be an option.
6685032	Stuffy nose and my OB said it might be due to allergies. I've never had allergies before. 25 weeks pregnant, and was told it was safe to take zyrtec. Will it help for nasal congestion? Is it drowsy?	Zyrtec It is ok to take it in pregnacy yet it is not a decongestant. If you need that mucinex is a safe option to help break up mucus. Zyrtec isn't drowsy like benadryl
490809	My period is 8 days late. Pain in my abdomen, cervix and breasts. Blood tests and ultrasounds show that I am healthy also not preg. What is the cause?	Repeat urine test Repeat the pregnancy test. If you don't have a period the following month, see a health care professional. Also if you have heavy bleeding, worsening pain, or feel dizzy go back for a second evaluation.
869931	Do i have, a cold, or allergies. I have no fever, no aches, but couging with chest congestion, and coughing up yellow, and clear phlegm.	Could be either The symptoms you describe could be either. See your doctor to determine which it is and get the appropriate treatment.
753289	Partner stabbed hand deep. Bled lots but could move it. Now can't move much & nearest finger v.Swollen, v.Painful. Pains go up to elbow. Any idea?	URGENT PROBLEMS Urgent and severe problems should be dealt with urgently at either your family clinic or the nearest emergency room. Given the description of the hand and how easily it is to lose one's appendages to bad infections please get out of the house and to the appropriate medical facility today.
1170863	Right lung pain. Constant throat clearing, post nasal drip. Watering right eye and headache at front rt side of head. Ent thinks lpr. Correct ?	Not all Lpr may cause throat clearing and a sensation of post nasal drip but not watery eyes, right chest pain, and headaches.
559236	I have a vomit and diarrhoea bug. When i try to drink water i get an agonising pain in my abdomen. What should I do?	IV hydration It is essential that you do not get dehydrated. If you are unable to hydrate yourself orally, go to the emergency room for intravenous hydration. Your stomach must be irritated from the inflammation.
1517860	When a testicle atrophies from bacterial orchitis are the leydig cells usually still okay in that testicle? I read online on a few sites that usually only the sperm-related cells die. But docs all tell me different things.	Testicle When testicular atrophy occurs the entire function is affected. There is no sparing of Leydig or Sertoli cells. Both are affected
485252	Hello, im think im pregnant. I have nausea, tender and larger breasts, missed a lot of my pill, had slight bleeding for a day, regulary skip my period?	Pregnancy All these are very vague symptoms. The best way to know for sure is 'serum ( not urine) pregnancy test'.
639546	I have small red bumps on my scalp. They're itchy, painful atop thinning hair. What is it?	Get examined It could be seborrheic dermatitis, folliculitis etc. Only your dr can make an accurate dx. Have a great week. God bless!
678058	Cough, chest/nose congestion, tired, blocked ears over a week. Taking zyrtec, mucinex, advil. Is it cold, allergies, something else?	Can be either Additional information needed.
686738	Displacement of the medial meniscus etiology unclear seen on MRI what am i suppose to do I am having pain medial of the knee ? Know that their problem	Meniscus tear Consider partial medial meniscectomy vs. Repair.
1306793	I have three thinning hair spots on the back of my head.  It is not bald.  What could thus be?	Alopecia There is a condition called alopecia which causes the hair to fall out. This is different from male pattern baldness which is genetic and not a disorder. A dermatologist can tell you if you have alopecia (an autoimmune disorder) and treat it w/medication. Peace and good health.
527609	Flu mist symptoms
how long  do the effects of flu mist last? My son had it monday and now has a runny nose, fatigue and sore throat. No fever	1-3 Days He may be feeling the symptoms of the body simply "recognizing" the influenza vaccine. However it is also equally likely he is coming down with a cold virus that just happens to be after he got the flumyst. If you have concerns about his health, see your pediatrician in the next day.
686732	Should i be concerned? Gfr >60, vita d 17 low, ua protien 1+, urobilinogen positive h, red cells 4 h, hyaline casts 1, bacteria rare, mucus occ. Thk u	See your doctor I would be concerned. You are spilling protein in the urine and have hyline casts which suggests damage to renal tubules. See a dr asap!
1594228	24 weeks pregnant. Temperature 99.1. Visible blue vein in leg below knee causing dull ache and pinching like pain, bothersome enough to prevent sleep.	Varicose vein Sounds like you have a varicose vein and since it is visible its a superficial one (much less concern). That temp is not a fever by the way. Try a heating pad over the vein and tylenol for the pain. If you have red around the vein that however would mean infection and that would require further evaluation. Have your OB provider evaluate that area to see if TED hose are needed.
396006	I have STD i don't know for how long i had it I have chlamydia can I treat it in time? I want to be able to have babies can the STD cause me infertility. I really want a baby in the future. When i pee it hurts and it itches a lot i hate having that itch.	Chlamydia Chlamydia can only be cured with a prescription antibiotic, so you do need to see a doctor - and the sooner the better! many people who have chlamydia are also infected with other sexually transmitted diseases such as gonorrhea, so testing is very important for proper treatment. You may need multiple medications if you have multiple infections. If you are a woman and do not get tested and treated in a timely manner, the infection can spread to your uterus and fallopian tubes (called pelvic inflammatory disease) and can lead to severe illness and/or infertility. I've attached a website below with more information. Good luck!
6717973	I have a light brown/tan  (little bit darker in center), dry, raised, irregular  spot on side of breast. Size of a dime. Recent breast itchy & hot?	Nondiagnostic This lesion will need to be inspected by a physician in order to diagnose it.
6707913	My wife had sepsis in February this year. It started as a urinary tract infection and then into the kidney. Her fever got to 106 the first night in ICU. Since then she still has not gained her strength back and can't stay focused and has confusion.  Could	Infection Sounds like she had pylonephritis. A prolonged infectious state can deplete muscle and energy in patients. Usually being bed bound for a week one can lose up to 7 pounds of muscle. If the infection severe even at a faster rate. Prolonged ICU stays can also cause ICU delerium, confusion and this can last months per research. Some people can have chronic anxiety, PTSD, even months after.
6723536	I have red itchy bump like between my toes about a week and im using ringworm cream over the counter about 3 days. Getting worse and spreding! ?	Perhaps it's not Athletes foot? You may want to try a different cream.. ..which one were you using? Consider adding a topical steroid if the itching is bad...I think you can get a one percent hydrocortisone OTC.
6656272	I have sinusitis n have caught cold.I just had so many sneezes one after one now my throat feels sore Plus my ears feel weird/itchy.Is it normal??????	Not unusual This may be infection, but may also be allergy. Obviously it is not normal but not uncommon in the presence of a viral upper respiratory infection.
1608250	I had unprotected sex 2days before period then i had my period regulary, now i have some brownish discharge,im on the pill can i still be pregnant?	Possible Unlikely, but possible. Check home preg.
1168031	I have bumpy cervix, late period, burning feeling near uterus, and neg pregnant test, what do you recommend?	If you are 50 - you might be perimenopausal. Reasons for missed/late periods: low body weight, obesity, marked weight ^ or v, over-exercise, endurance athletics, breast-feeding, ^ stress, illness, eating disorders (bulimia or anorexia), anovulatory cycle (no egg released), travel, hormone irregularities, drug use, meds (i.e., birth control) or medical problems (i.e. PCOS). #1 reason is pregnancy.
335825	Extremely itchy vagina, not inside, libia & clitoris. No thrush, STD free & bacteria swabs done, all clear..Going on 4years, just want a answer?	Allergy? Has anyone considered allergy to candida albicans? You don't have to have an "infection" from it to have symptoms. I vaguely remember about it. Maybe someone else will comment further, but look it up and talk to your doc about it.
1515716	I had PVCs on my 48hr heart monitor, but nothing from the atrium. Does that mean no atrial fibrillation?	Atrial fib The monitor did not pick up any evidence of atrial fibrillation during the 48 hour period you wore it. It is still possible that you could have had episodes of atrial fibrillation at other times, but from the information at hand there is no proof of that.
959243	Pain in upper back with painful spots to touch b/w shoulder blades and spine, 1.5 months, chest CT normal. Am a smoker, can this be lung cancer	Not likely With a normal ct of the chest, at this point it's unlikely to be cancer of the lung, but there are other causes of upper back pain that need to be investigated. See your doctor for examination and stop smoking!
6782215	I'm having random migraine headaches with facial twitching. CT normal. Eye doc found optic nerve swelling and recommended MRI. Should I have the MRI?	You bet you should!! Your facial twitching could be facial myokymia, or hemifacial spasm, and needs imaging. If you have optic neuritis, you likely have an inflammatory neurological disorder. Multiple sclerosis may be answer, and if so, you could start effective and successful treatment which could bring this under control. Hey, it's your choice!
6759678	Does itchy moles necessary means melanoma?	No but, Changes in size, shape, irregular borders, coloration can all signifiy malignant change. See a dermatologist asap if you have mole changes.
408892	I am 23. My husband and i are trying to conceive. I had an ectopic pregnancy in 06 and had my right tube removed. The doctors also told me I have pcos. I ended up getting pregnant in 08 and gave birth to my daughter in 09 she is a healthy 3 year old. I go	Dr Dr moffitt gave a good answer. If you have regular 36 day cycles every month, your most fertile period is from days 18 to day 26 (day 1 = the first day of your period). Start the ovulation predictor test every day from day 18, and check between 10 am and noon, not the first time you wake up, which may be too early in the day for an accurate test. 2 other points - one ectopic pregnancy increases the chance of another one to 10-30%, but your fertility depends a lot on how good your remaining tube is, which should have been checked at the time of your surgery in 2006. You have had two pregnancies including your daughter since then, which is more reassuring, but get checked out with a blood pregnancy every time you are late by 3-4 days or more for your period, 'just to be safe'. One miscarriage is not too worrying either as you already have a kid, but if you have another miscarriage you should get checked out by a specialist (reproductive endocrinology and infertility md or rei) for causes of miscarriage. Some of these could have developed since your daughter was born. Best wishes for another healthy pregnancy.
389893	My yellow discharge and itching I have been with one partner all my life as well as he has been with me all his so i don't have a STD im not really sexually active I have sex maybe once a month im 26 years old please help me out in a anwser	Your Your symptoms could be any one of a number of things including a yeast infection, bacterial vaginosis, or some other infection or it could be something more rare such as a dermatitis. (none of these are std's) it could also be normal discharge though the yellow color and itching are more concerning. You need a complete gyne exam with cultures and examination of your vaginal fluid. By doing all of this, hopefully your doctor will figure out what is causing your symptoms and be able to treat you appropriately. Good luck!
389892	What does it mean when there is a yellow discharge from the vagina and itching on the outer area there is no odor it doesn't always have yellow discharge when i go to the bathroom it just itches and has yellow discharge sometimes	Your Your symptoms could be any one of a number of things including a yeast infection, bacterial vaginosis, trichamonas, or some other infection or it could be something more rare such as a dermatitis. It could also be normal discharge though the yellow color and itching are more concerning. You need a complete gyne exam with cultures and examination of your vaginal fluid. By doing all of this, hopefully your doctor will figure out what is causing your symptoms and be able to treat you appropriately. Good luck!
1495668	Treated gonorrhea, chlamydia and yeast infection. Few weeks later started having thick yellow/white lotion like discharge, no itch, swelling or smell?	Recheck infection you may still have an infection such as bacterial vaginosis or another yeast infection from all the antibiotics you were on. So you should see your doctor and have the discharge checked for infection.
514780	I had my period dec5. I had unprotected sex on the 12.My breast are tender& having cramps.Took a test& it was negative. Am i pregnant?	Maybe A urine pregnancy test is accurate if done correctly and read correctly, the week after a missed period, or 3 weeks after sex. A woman can repeat the test one week later, if she still feels pregnancy symptoms.
1249678	Having sperm discharge after urination or on force, awkward yellow & burning urination, not having nightfall.No chance of std.Tell me the disease?	Check out these Links. Go see a urologist for any concern. Take care! http://priligyneed.Wpblogplatform.Com/so-what-can-i-actually-do-for-stopping-semen/ http://m.Wisegeek.Com/what-are-common-causes-of-semen-in-urine.Htm.
6793064	I took Nuva ring out on 9/27, Period started 10/1 lighter and shorter than normal, ended 10/4. 10/10 started sore breasts, cramps lower right & back?	When in doubt just check pregnancy test. And if you are still not bleeding normally and first pregnancy test was negative, check it again in 1 week. You just came off a period which was likely rebound from NuvaRing removal. But breast soreness certainly cannot be ignored.
839365	What would cause one sided breast pain? My period is late, neg pregnancy test, and sore left breast. Breast soreness feels similar to PMS type pain.	Need for examination There are many causes of breast pain, including: abscess, fat necrosis, fibrocystic disease, ductal dilatation, breast cancer etc. It would be prudent to see your doctor for a proper evaluation.
6742055	I slept off and on last night, yesterday I had a  horrible anxiety attack that lasted all day. Took .5 ativan at 730 8pm and another at 3am. Could that be why I'm so tired? Heads full and heavy. Dizzy	Insomnia and fatigue People have different reactions to Ativan and it can certainly make you feel tired and dizzy. If you have chronic insomnia Cognitive Behavioral Treatment for Insomnia is most recommended, but you should also see a psychologist expert in anxiety and sleep disorders.
1306578	Flank pain+lwr r abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, chills, hot flashes, fever that comes and goes, decreased appetite, can't stand straight or sleep. Help?	See a doctor These symptoms suggest a significant problem, possibly appendicitis or a kidney stone with infection. See a doctor right away.
1282373	I have been fighting swollen neck glands. Sore throat, drainage, coughing, headache, low fever to none, please advise?	Cause? Have doctor check if yo have strep throat. If so you will need penicillin or amoxicillin. If not check for mono infection. If positve rest and fluids and pain killers (avoid aspirin). If enlarged spleen avoid contact sports for 8 weeks.
903728	What causes numb finger tips? All fingers no thumb same hand. Already had carpal tunnel release.	Finger Numbness Peripheral neuropathy can be the cause. Unlikely that carpal tunnel can cause numbness of little finger.
119966	Parkinsons symptoms in brain--does it cause dementia or depression?	Yes In parkinson's disease dementia occurs with the progression of disease, but not everybody becomes demented. Depression might occur at the beginning of the disease or later during the disease process.
1452420	emotional(all i wanna do is cry), swollen breast, sore/hard/sensitive nipples, cramping, fatigue, pain when pushed on uterus, acne..Pregnant?	Take a preg test The signs and symptoms of pregnancy are so variable none are reliable indicators of pregnancy. Take a home test.
1294668	6.4 ovarian cyst. Not pregnant and no urine or kidney problems had test done. Sharp awful pain in low right abdomen. Frequent urination. Bloating.	Laparoscopy... A large ovarian cyst can give you pain and bloating. How it is treated depends on how bad your pain is and on its appearance on ultrasound. If you are in a lot of pain, it can be removed surgically, usually using laparoscopy as an out-patient procedure. Laparoscopy results in very small scars. These cysts are almost never cancer is a women in her 20s. Best wishes!
367744	Had mono 9 yrs ago and splenomegaly for 2 yrs after. Now am having same spleen discomfort. Do i need to see my doc? (savella 100mg/day past 3wks?)	Whatever is causing The discomfort now is not likely to be the same cause as 9 years ago. There are a number of causes of mono-like illnesses and this could perhaps be say CMV instead of ebv.
499039	What is the definition or description of: hepatitis a igm?	Active infection? Igm class of antibodies are the first antibody our immune system produces when bacteria or virus enters our bodies, but disappears soon. This is the antibody which carries 10 arms to fight compared to 2 for igg antibodies, which are produced later in the course, but lasts longer. A positive test of hepatitis a igm antibody means there is an active or recent infection by hepatitis a virus.
138020	Undiagnosed but have cognitive impairment, dizziness and muscle weakness?	See a neurologist A neurologist would be the best specialist to see to figure this out and see if this can be reversed or at least helped.
149005	My left foot specifically in between my toes have been itching and its red since last week. Please advice for causes, precautions and treatments. ?	Foot fungus Your description is probably athletes foot fungus and you can start out by using an over the counter medication for this. If it persists see your podiatrist.
849835	No period 1+year. Light bleeding after delivery of twins, no period 3 months after then started Depo-Provera provera, still no period. Any risks?	Birth Control You are on a birth control where your periods will stop. There is not any long term risks and I do not believe you have anything to worry about.
6749970	Not sexually active but have pimple or blister like bumps on my vagina ? Not itchy or burning feeling normal	See your doctor They could be as simple as healthy glands that are present in the vagina that help to keep it moist. You state that you haven't been sexually active, so that shouldn't be an issues. It's difficult to make a diagnosis without seeing them. I suggest you pay a visit to your gynecologist. Be well!
1083044	I'm curious as to what kind of rash has little red bumps is itchy and is on the neck?	Rash It's difficult to tell w/o an exam and even then, there are many conditions that can present this way. However, if it is just limited to the neck with itchiness, it may be contact dermatitis or folliculitis. Did you recently shave that area? Is there something that may have come into contact with the area recently that could have caused an allergic reaction? Try OTC tx to see if it improves.
56885	I have been dizzy for a while now when I  move my neck or shake my head it gets worse plus, headaches  and warm face, any ideas, ?	Seek medical help You need to see a doctor. These may be signed of a vascular insufficiency.
719524	Is there anything other than pregnancy that can cause morning nausia dizziness and frequent urination? I have all and had neg hpts period only 3 days	Yes These are nospecific symptoms. Taht are certainlyassociated with pregnancy but occur with other things as wellcs.
341117	Hi I am currently on implanon but i think im pregnant I have lower stomach bloating lower back pains fatigue nausea dizzness light headed when i get u?	See your gyn U need an exam , blood preg test and an ultrasound.
6718424	Back of right side of my neck has a sore lump. Told had mono in Jan.front neck glands not sore now but extreme fatigue still there. Lump due to mono?	Posibly But without examination - it isn't possible to know. Take care.
1223112	I just hand an orif on my forearm(broke my radius n ulna) 3 weeks later my thumb n forefinger are numb with a tingling feeling. Is it normal?	No Notify your surgeon right away. Concern will be compartment syndrome.
558015	I had my acl/meniscus repair on the 18/12/2012 i started my rehab like on the third week after surgery i stil can't have full extension of the knee ?	Still early Keep working hard in pt and with ur hep.
917947	Male 22, I have muscle twitches all over my body at random times, neck, back, chest, arm, eyes, legs, hands, feet etc. For 6-7 months, no weakness. Als?	Highly unlikely. Relax. At young age, occasional muscle twitching is usually harmless. If you have lost muscle mass and/or if it bothers you enough, see your primary care doctor for an exam. They may order labs (calcium etc) to make sure nothing is amiss.
1241863	Any tips? My period is currently late. Watery discharge. Sore breasts. Pregnancy?	Tip - If your period is late - you can go ahead and take a home pregnancy test now. They are inexpensive, easy to use and accurate. Take care.
824397	Are there certain medicines or types of meds that cause hot flashes in men? I take meds for bp, prevention of kidney stones, diabetes & depression.	Most likely Is Niacin related meds for lipid control.
1547673	Robotic laparoscopic hysterectomy 2 weeks ago for ovarian cancer staging. Left leg pain ever since. Neg for blood clot. Pain shoots down leg from hip.	Post hysterectomy It is vital that you report your condition to your surgeon and follow up doctors, so you can be evaluated for possible complications.
528847	I have a headache with ear ache and a swollen jaw, what could this be?	MAY BE INFECTION May be you have an abscess of the face, but it needs to be checked to make diagnosis, it be something else as well.
768008	Kidney stone having surgery thursday. Today I am not in pain at all. I am pretty positive it did not pass haven't seen it or felt it move. That normal?	Yes The stone may have moved into a location that it is not causing any obstruction at the current time. You are fortunate to be able to treat it when you are feeling well.
312106	Hii, my vagina has been really itchy, sore and swollen up the last 3-4 days, and i got a lot of 'cheese cottage', ?	See your doctor Time to see your doctor for an evaluation. He/she will have to run some specific tests to find out what's going on.
1505757	I'm hospitalized for a blood clot in my leg, what questions should I be asking. It's DVt, I'm no longer taking ibuprofen/robaxin.	Whatever you like. Why did it happen? Are you taking BCP? Did you recently have surgery like C section? How can you prevent future occurrence? How long the treatment will last? Where is DVT-How far up in the Lower extremity? What are some of the risk and symptoms you need to look out for? What drug and food should be avoided or Taken ?
1543702	Back pain numbness tingling hands feet nausea. Tsh 3.54. Ana + 1:40 speckled. Smith ab neg. RNP AB NEG. Rest titer neg. Meth acid 55. Diagnosis?	Hard to say A methyl acid level of 55 suggests B12 deficiency, but you should confer with your neurologist or outsmart care provider.
1101334	I had unprotected sex & he pulled out on the 14th and 15th(my ovulation day) i'm starting to have cramps in my stomach what could it be? Implantation?	Could be Pulling out is an ineffective form of contraception.
391520	I twisted my knee as i was getting into bed  last night, i'm in agony now if feels like someone is stabbing me when i move certain ways. I can barely put any pressure on it	It It sounds like you may have torn your meniscus. You need to contact your physician and be seen. If they are concerned that you have torn your meniscus they may order and MRI to confirm the diagnosis. They will then likely send you to be seen by an orthopedic surgeon for the possibility of surgery. Until then use ice (10-15 every hour- a bag of frozen peas or corn works well) and avoid any twisting or squatting. You can use crutches if you want.
1372229	Sir increased GGT level 90 u/l,does it mean any liver damage which has already happend,with SGPT  38 and SGOT 28u/l.	Determine cause Gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) is a test used to help determined type of liver disease and bile duct obstructions. Elevated levels may be due to liver diseases, such as hepatitis or cirrhosis, but they may also be due to other conditions, such as congestive heart failure, diabetes, or pancreatitis. They may also be caused by alcohol abuse or use of drugs that are toxic to the liver
6724083	Just a sinus infection? 3 nights of 103-104 fever plus SEVERE headache, sweats, face/head swelling, sinus pain/pressure (no congestion), body aches.	Get evaluated Fevers above 102 are serious, go to ER or your doctor for evaluation. You should have blood work, imaging, possible spinal tap and treatments. Take family with you to assist with communication and support. Be well.
1541967	Vertigo stabbing pain and pressure in head numbness in face scalp tenderness eyes hurt and crawling feeling inside head n burning/cold feeling in head?	Get checked Persistent severe , stabbing headache and numbness warrants an immediate emergency room referral and evaluation. Please call 911 and go to the emergency room.
821475	Also if someone elses blood touches a popped bleeding pimple would HIV transmit just something i was curious about?	Small risk If the blood had a high viral load, in theory, the virus could be transmitted. If the viral load were small, the risk would be relatively less if the area were washed right away after exposure.
530157	8 weeks red rash  itchy leathery  scrotum. 4 weeks  of steroid topicals 10 days  oral fluconazole and minor change!  dieting 6 weeks no sugar carbs!help!	Go see your Dr. Time to go/go back to the doctor - tell him/her it's been 4 weeks and you need a new plan.
1086493	I'm concerned because I have swollen hands and knees and red itchy rash!?	Get evaluated Then you need to have the problem evaluated by a doctor. You will not find the answer on the internet for this problem.
723135	Having so much headaches & pains in your head everyday or every other day can this cause u to have a anuersyum?Ive had mra dec2012 & MRI 4-18-13 norma	Aneurysms Are a very uncommon cause of headaches and then usually do so when they begin leaking blood. Your mra and MRI results show no problems and you should consider seeing a neurologist who specializes in treating headaches.
1572745	On and off tingling of hands and feet. Deep breaths cause chest pain on occasion. When turning neck chest will hurt on and off. Slightly nauseous ?	See a doctor you need to see a doctor that can listen to you,examined you,and treat you you stated four different problem most likely are not related neuropathy from CNS pain with breathing repiratery neck pain muskeloskeletal nausea that could be GI, neuro, respond to pain. si as you can see hard to put them together in one answer without proper history and physical face to face so go and see a doctor
674025	I have a shooting pain that starts in the left side of my ribs and shoots up threw my left breast and up to my chest, and then down my back. ?	As above It is better to see a cardiologist to make sure nothing serious is going on, good luck.
6725978	Had six yrs clean. Recent relapse. AreNoticed red blotchy areas that are kinda warm to the touch. Arms legs and abdomin. Not raised and not itchy?	Magic Message? It's impossible to know the cause of the warm blotches for ceertain. Possibly allergic reaction to something. More important is the need to get clean aain ASAP. Your body may be giving you this advice in a gentle way. See your Dr or urgent care for the rash. Benadryl (as directed) may give the rash the boot. Only you can do it with the other issue. Best!
1239293	Lower abdominal pain for weeks. Fever, nausea, vomiting, lost appetite, hot spasm/chills, trouble walking straight, urine decreased frequency. Help?	See a doctor You may have an infection. Possible sources include kidneys, bladder, and appendix.
1414488	What happens if you are diagnosed with hepatitis, if you go and get the vaccination will it go away?	No The vaccine has no value for treatment. It is for protection before exposure. Getting it afterward is like locking the barn door after the animals run away.
1228335	Having pain right breast near armpit and under breast. Am 55 and not sure if it's sore muscle in chest wall or something else. No period in 8 yrs.	See doctor Pain in that area at your age should definitely be investigated. Likely it's nothing, but you wouldn't want to miss a cyst or possible tumor in the area. Be safe.
528921	I have really bad rash on hands and legs and back and arms n elbows, its very itchy of a night time , and my hand r really dry and elbows? Help	Rash Before you can get medicine, see your physician for the correct diagnosis and proper treatment. Your condition could range from simple eczema to unfriendly scabies.
1400026	Sore throat with headaches. Nausea night shivers with sweat. Hurts to swallow & a dizzy spell.	Need urgent care your symptoms sound most like a viral pharyngitis, but you should be seen by a doctor to make sure there is no bacterial , or life-threatening infections. you may be able to take over the counter tylenol to help with symptoms, provided you have no other reasons (contra-indications) to avoid tylenol
1400027	Could a tube pregnancy show up on a CT scan as a ovarian cyst? Preg test faint + but I also had heavy bleeding could that also be a miscarriage?	CT of pelvis CT scans of the pelvis are less accurate than ultrasounds. In addition a CT shouldn't be done with a positive pregnancy test unless a true emergency like appendiciitis. So, yes a cystic lesion on CT could be an ectopic. See your OB doc as soon as you can.
1179993	Nausea, fatigue, breast tenderness, bloating, headaches occasionally,  no missed period though. Could this be anything else besides pregnany?	Absolutely There are many hormonal fluctuations that could cause these symptoms. In addition, you could be experiencing a transient illness that could be adding to your symptoms. If you actually miss your period, then i'd take a test.
938906	Burned my ankle 3 weeks ago been on bactrim and now keflex burn site swollen and red still leaking fluid, very painful to walk, what should I do?	See your doctor For follow up care.
1423260	I have tiny bumps on top of both feet and ankle.  No redness,  no drainage. Just itchy  I can almost scratch them off.	Severe itch In this location it could be scabies. See a doctor for check and treatment.
1257731	Blood pressure 108/80. Should tell doc about these numbers? Normal tilt table. However these numbers are not normal for me. Ongoing tremor and rashes	Not unusual That blood pressure is not abnormal. That said if it is low for you mention it to your physician especially if you experience dizziness when you stand up. Otherwise i would not be concerned.
521717	My urine pH keeps running around 8.0-9.0. Also have protein in urine! negative for infection. Bun & creatine normal. What could cause this?	Needs checked At 19 you have protein in urine and urine ph is high. See a doctor. Good that bun, creatinine are normal.
1118263	My 5 yr old has 2nd degree burn going from his hand to his elbow, when i change the bandage there is greenish brown pus and his hand is ill swollen?	May need antibiotic The hand should be elevated and washed twice a day with mild soap followed by silvadene cream if not allergic. Commonly silvadene if left on for several hours may turn a greenish color and brown when mixed with old blood. The hand should be elevated above the heart to diminish swelling. Contact your physician for a follow up.
6774901	Would not sleeping at all or very little sleep the night before an AM testosterone test affect the levels?	Testosterone Should not be an issue. Why are you having trouble sleeping. Please discuss directly with your doctor.
282950	Swollen lymph nodes on collarbone, armpits and groin.Biopsy showed no cancer in groin lymph or infection.The continue to grow.What could be the cause.?	Correlate There are a great many malignant and non-malignant causes of generalized lymphadenopathy. Lymphomas / cancers seldom grow this symmetrically. If you're on no rx's and otherwise asymptomatic this is likely nothing. One that's unfamiliar to many pathologists is common variable immunodeficiency presenting in an adult. You always want 2 pathologists' opinions on a lymph node.
751909	My ccp ab IgG came back at 221, sed in january 15 to now at 50. I was then put on prednisone until i see the RA may 6th. What my safest treatment?	Difficult to say It depends on the results of other tests that you rheumatologist will perform as well as your history. Difficult to say without knowing more.
1222865	Tingling spot in front right of head for 4 days. Headache also on that side comes n goes from front to behind ear. Some eye pain. What could this be?	Have it checked It could be anything ranging from a TMJ syndrome, to referred pain pattern from an atlas bone fascial restriction in your neck, to tension headache, and needs to be evaluated physically. See a osteopathic (do) doctor, who can do an osteopathic exam on you to check your head, neck, spine, extremities, sacrum to find the cause. S/he can treat you too, or image if needed, or refer to dentist.
846679	Leg is significantly swelling and some purple on foot after ACL surgery. How long until the swelling goes down?	Swelling That depends on when the surgery was done as well as how compliant you are as the patient . See your surgeon for these concerns.
540998	I've been off Depo-Provera for six months now an two weeks i been experiencing sore breast leg cramps hunger mild cramps?	Birth control Seeking an obgyn physician may be very beneficial at this point.
1050842	My pap smear comes out negative buy my boyfriend came out with hpv-genital warts. I get a yeast everytime we have sex... What should I do?	Regular paps In your situation i would suggest you routinely have pap smears at the interval suggested to you by your doctor. You most likely already have the hpv virus in your system so i don't think using condoms moving forward would be of any help. Speak with your doctor concerning your recurring yeast infections.
1129406	Oct mammogram clear, now new lumps - can breast cancer recur 3 months after stopping arimadex?	Possible In small percentage , to have recurrence or new lesion , incidence increases with time , close clinical supervision is needed to void it.
83888	Earache, on and off voice hoarseness, neck pain, swollen glands, occasional congestion  for 3+ weeks. Oc drugs don't help. Concerning?	See PCP I would see my pcp. It does not sound overly concerning, but if you have failed otc medications then you may need to try something else.
883378	I layed in the tanning bed and i ended up getting tiny red bumps all over neck and chest that itches what is it?	Red bumps The red bumps may be hives brought on by the tanning bed. Take Benadryl for your itching and consult your doctor for more help.
999990	What does it mean if the sperm touches the vagina outside and mense come will it get pregnant?	Normally sperm Touching the outside of the vagina does not lead to pregnancy. Sperm at the opening of the vagina (introitus) or in the vagina can lead to pregnancy. If a woman is pregnant her period will stop.
6613462	My son has a very bad rash all over his body tried different crenes nothing seems to work tried hydrocortisone 1% alcohol for the body. Benadryl.  ?	This is serious Junior is seriously sick until proved otherwise. A disseminated rash can mark a serious infection. Stop all meds and get him seen now by someone who knows what they're doing.
1305794	During workout while running the inside part between ankle and knee part of my leg hurts. After running the inner part will be sore for 2-3 days.	Shin Splints Shin splints are a common overuse injury seen in runners. Pain is usually present on the medial (inner) part of the shin, is worse with exercise, and improves with rest. Prevention techniques include using appropriate shoes (properly fitting and not worn out), stretching prior to activity, and gradually increasing the length and intensity of running as tolerated (rather than all at once).
1094237	Tkr. Patella dislocated . Ortho wanted complete knee ultrasound  radiologist refused do. Said MRI knee . Ortho originally said MRI show not much what?	CT scan Sorry to confuse you further but i think you should do a ct scan to assess the placement of you total knee components. Unless your orthopedic surgeon is looking for a specific soft tissue structure around the knee than an MRI would be beneficial.
6740812	Suffer from anxiety. Have had burning sensation in head (forehead, behind ears, upper neck). Read online could be Brain aneurisms. Please help!	Start with a general physical and stop with the self-diagnosing of very severe brain conditions. Let the MD think about that stuff. Anxiety produces 33 physical and mental symptoms--some of which you have. If this is psychological, go to a psychologist next. Learn to relax. Look at yoga, meditation, and DO regularly exercise, unless there are other physical considerations.
766826	I took a MRI for my knees and they said I have something. Like a small joint effusion. What dose that mean?	Swelling An effusion is a medical term for swelling. The MRI is a sensitive tool that picks up even the slightest abnormality in a given area. A small effusion is a small amount of swelling in the joint. This could be due to a number of things, from arthritis to ligament and cartilage injury.
882355	I have 2 tender spots on the left side of my head it doesn't hurt unless i lay on it or touch it what could this be?	Cysts ? infected Image is of a hair follicular cyst infected. This can happen in the head also. Sebaceous cysts r common in the head and r usually not painful unless infected. They r sore when pressure is applied, just like a boil. Get in2 c a dermatologist or surgeon 4 evaluation.
1553519	Rubbed cryoderm on neck for pain large bump appeard behind ear  small bumps on hair line  r side of neck tight hair band around head feel ruff sore?	Infection or allergy your symptoms suggest the possibility of allergic reaction or possible infection. With any skin lesion it is always best to see and feel the lesion. Recommend you see your doctor for evaluation.
6608836	Sick for 6 days now. Sore throat went away but left with pain in my sinuses and a pain in the joint of my jaws on each side & runny nose. See a doc.?	Yes You may have developed a sinus infection. You probably need to be seen and possibly get antibiotics. Thanks for trusting HealthTap!
1090223	My 6 year old daughter has spots like blisters on hands and feet and small light spots on legs and arms is this CP or hfm?	Hand Foot and Mouth One or 2 days after fever starts, painful sores usually develop in the mouth (herpangina). They begin as small red spots that blister and that often become ulcers. The sores are often in the back of the mouth. A skin rash develops over 1 to 2 days. The rash is usually on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet; it may also appear on the knees, elbows, buttocks or genital area.
644627	I have this nagging soreness above my left rib cage- right below my left breast. It only bothers my when i cough or blow my nose. ?	Irrritation Might be slight pleural irritation or hairline rib fracture ct scan of chest or ribseries needed take a cough suppressant with Codeine would help the pain and suppress cough, nasal supray , so that no nose blowing, must see a pulmonologist( lung m.D ).
1263483	Red patch on skin wraping around knee and calf area swelling itchy burning numb/tingly have been metioned of shingles had chicken pox as kid 38yr old?	Shingles Possible. Wait a few days unless blisters develop in which case treatment is indicated.
841788	Summertime penile syndrome?My 5 yr old has a swollen and red penis on one side. No pain little itchy. Noticed today.No bite mark, red spot	Irritation Irritation caused by something unknown to me is the probable cause. Clean and apply vaseline several times per day. If no improvement in 2-3 days, see the pediatrician.
238045	What can I do for my knee ligament injuries (acl, mcl, pcl) to make the surround areas stronger?	See below Strengthen the surrounding muscles of the knee as well as you can. This will help keep the injured ligaments in place due to the increased muscle tone surround the knee. Obviously, the older you are , the harder and longer this may take. See your orthopedist and physical therapists for more help.
641840	Continual intermittent fluttering feeling near larynx causing feeling of shallow breathing & choking. Lasts seconds.	It is either... ...Continuous or intermittent. Can't be both. From your description, you are either experiencing reflux that effects your breathing, or anxiety. If it's reflux, there are many ways to help including medicine and dietary changes. If it's anxiety, that's more complicated. See your doctor for a thorough evaluation.
941016	Noticed small bumps on the head of penis. They are similar to my skin color, but lighter. No pain or itchiness. Sexually inactive for 10 mo's.	Pearly penile papule In all likelihood these are pearly penile papules and are not considered abnormal. They typically occur near the rim of the glans penis. If the occur elsewhere and /or are new, you should be examined by a urologist.
1276900	I am 5 months pregnant now I have notice before a black like bump in my upper vagina but i thoughtit only a mole but I am notice it looks bigger now o?	Please see a doctor. Please have this checked by your primary care doctor or dermatologist. Lesions that commonly present with this appearance include traumatized nevi, benign genital melanotic macules, or pyogenic granulomas. However any lesion that is black or dark in color and is changing needs to be evaluated to make sure it isn't melanoma.
6701619	How long does it usually take to get a pathology report back from a fine needle biopsy or the breast?	FNA biopsy, breast A cytopathology report is usually issued within 2-3 business days from the time that the specimen arives in the laboratory.
1401953	UTI,now my period is late with 7 days.i have nausea,a lot white discharge,low back pain and I feel tired.I have 2 negative test.Can I be pregnant?	Hard to say When did you perform the 2 tests? If BEFORE you missed your period then, they're not valid. Also, if you're on medications for a UTI I don't know if that can affect these tests. We'd have to defer to an OB/GYN on that question. I'd repeat the HPT in 7 days. For now, behave as if you were pregnant. If still negative you may have just had a month without ovulation.
857836	Right shoulder and entire arm burning-muscle/fatigue type pain through tricep and top of forearm when used, with weakness in ring and pinky fingers?	Low cervical prob Either of 2 possibilities. 1) ulnar nerve compression in the arm or elbow; this would cause numb ring (4) and pinky (5) with weakness in grip. 2) low cervical nerve pressure; would cause symptoms of triceps and forearm and numbness in fingers 4&5. Good exam likely to differentiate, but if in question MRI or emg/nerve conductions would be helpful.
491830	My leg/knee won't straighten. Have diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis but what can I do to get leg to work properly?	Need evaluation Sometimes when the knee "locks" or cannot straighten out fully, it means that there may be a tear in the cartilage (meniscus) preventing the knee from straightening. See an orthopedist or a physiatrist ( rehab medicine specialist) and he/she should be able to help you with it.
1549452	I had my tubes cut and burned but I'm experiencing nausea, vomiting, abdominal pains, breast tenderness, bloating, muscle aches can I be pregnant?	Easy to rule out You would certainly not be the first woman to get pregnant after getting the tubes tied! Recanalizatiln of Fallopian tubes occurs in rare cases. Urine pregnancy test can rule out pregnancy. If needed, continue to take extra precaution.
356450	I have red bumps all over my body and vagina area  my doctor said it looks like MRSA or staph could he be wrong if they don't go away with doxycycline?	Possibly Whether they go away or not does not determine if you have mrsa. Mrsa strains can be resistant to outpatient antibiotics, including doxycycline.
1186796	My nose is very stuffy hard to breathe I use some nasal spray it open well my question is if adenoilds were swollen will it had open with nasal spray?	No The nasal spray will not be absorbed well enough to have effect on the swelling of the adenoids. Depending on the nasal spray what they do is to decrease the inflammation locally and decreasing the engorgement of the blood vessels which is causing the congestion. In addition the nasal spray decreases the mucous.
638430	My 8 year old daughter has been suffering with a headache, fever, sore throat and swelling/pain at the roof of her mouth for two days. Flu?	Influenza Symptoms of influenza can vary from case to case and other viruses produce a similar clinical picture. Must isolate virus or do serologic testing to prove presence of influenza. Your daughter should be seen by a pediatrician to be sure the painful swelling on her palate is nothing serious. Headache, fever and sore throat may be strep and she can be examined for this and treated if necessary.
519271	I have a small bump pea sized on my gum below my lower front teeth tongue side. It has been there for well over a month now and im scared any ideas?	Yes If it's hard, it might be what we call a torus, which is benign and merely excess bone. Very often people have it for years and never realize it until they run their tongue over it. However, if might also be an infection. This needs to be diagnosed with a one on one personal exam and perhaps an x-ray. See your dentist for an accurate diagnosis, and treatment if indicated.
6725020	I have constant pain/pressure around the L4/L5-L5/S1 disc area, diagnosed MRI report says: Disc bulging with posterior vertebral body endplate osteoph?	Common Problem These days there are a wide-variety of treatment modalities to chose from that are effective. I assume you are currently being evaluated by orthopedics and/or neurology.
1162629	I have extreme cramping, fishy smell, pinkish red discharge, late period, swollen breasts and difficulty pooping. Please help!	Pregnancy test The first thing to do would be to take a pregnancy test. If that is negative i would follow-up with a gynecologist.
1592997	Gums along right side of my top teeth are swollen, canker sore is almost done healing on this side right now, what is this? anything serious?	Unlikely It may take up to a week for the gum inflammation to go down. Be patient. If it still hasn't healed a week or more after the canker has gone, see your dentist.
207300	I had a sharp pain in my chest that made part of left arm numb. Did I have a heart attack?	Possibly A 37 year old female is unlikely to have a heart attack unless she has other underlying health issues ie. Diabetes, cholesterol disorder, autoimmune disease etc. However such symptoms should be evaluated by a doctor in an emergency room setting - ideally shortly after they start.
1215415	Had UTI one month ago treated now two weeks later burning in urthrea but no burning when i pee UTI negative no STD healthy?	Inflammation You may have post infection inflammation . I would try drinking more fluid and this should clear up.
1469477	I've had lumbar spine surgery 4yrs ago.... L4 L5 S1 and now after the surgery I  have a bulging disc directly on the nerve. What can I do for pain?	Conservative Try non narcotic pain mess such as alleve, physical therapy, accupuncture, injections.
643199	Very soft bowel movement this morning, now pooping what looks like blood clots without any stool. Only slight pain in lower abdomen.   Big problem?	Possibly All rectal bleeding needs to be evaluated -- your doctor can help you determine if it is actually blood in your stool, and help you with the next steps as well.
557845	Dr said i ve non allergic rhinitis, i ve no runny nose/sneezing only nasal congestion & chronic inflammation of nasal lining, was it a correct dignosis?	Vasomotor rhinitis You may have a condition known as vasomotor rhinitis.
1402977	Light period for 4 months after taking levonelle,negative pregnancy tests-home & doctors urine test. what could be causing this? no weight gain/stress	What us this? You have not described any disease or condition. What is your concern and what possibly would motivate you to do pregnancy tests? You are having regular expected periods.
1046748	Had nausea, sore breasts, bloating, and tiredness after missing 2 bc pills, started bleeding 2 days before scheduled period. Could i be pregnant?	Unlikely It is easy to check a urine test to be sure try to make the pill a routine to avoid worry.
1489768	Hard tender swollen lump on hand just found. One part pops out more. Lymph node or caused by previous injury, a cat bite 1 yr ago? Cause for concern?	Only a little Is it red or inflamed? You need an urgent evaluation to rule out an abscess, which may require incision and drainage. Bumps from old cat bites are generally not tender.
1330154	I have complete numbness in pointer, index and tip of thumb on right hand for over a month. Nothing relieves it. Please help. Thank you.	Nerve compression Your symptoms could be related to nerve compression in the neck, shoulder or elbow. An evaluation of your range of motion, skeletal structure and symptom pattern is in order to best determine the treatment for symptom relief. It would also be a good idea to review any repetitive activities that you have been performing with your right arm.
6769266	Any better med for sedation other than benzos?  I"ve tried xanax, klonopin, & ativan.  none work great on me but i've never had more than 1mg of each	Sedation? YOu probably don't want "sedation. " You probably want relief from anxiety. There are a number of medicines, for example SSRI's and SNRI's, which treat anxiety, hopeflly without sedation.
1016700	If you only have a herpes outbreak in your anus but never noticed a vaginal outbreak, can you still spread herpes through vaginal sex or just anal?	Difficult to say Certainly you could infect someone else if you have an active lesion in either location. Use precautions and tell your partner about the risk of contracting herpes prior to relations.
749943	Hepatitis b +ve , anti hbe + ve, hbe ag  - ve, anti hbc-igm:opel- ve . In which stage is my wife?	Given what you.. Have written, the presence of hbsag without hbeag or anti-hbc igm suggests a chronic infection, probably for years. People who are anti-hbe positive tend to be much less infectious as compared to their hbeag counterparts with less inflammatory liver disease. Was a hbv dna viral load done?
1181519	Left middle finger has healing skin around nail (biting), when i press my thumb to the skin, i get a localized stinging chest pain@ bottomleft breast?	Referred pain It is what we call referred pain. Pain in on area of the body when the originating event is in a distant part.
959877	I color my hair and get an itchy scalp after coloring.  How can I prevent this before coloring?  Will Benadryl help?	Could be This could be an allergic reaction but i could also be from just drying out your scalp. Keep your scalp moist with the moisturizing shampoos. Also try a different brand or type of dye to see if it makes a difference. The only way to know if Benadryl helps is to try it, but if it is dry scalp then it will worsen it.
1337634	If a doctor put on a  paper for test pain in both breast, fullness right moer than left what do that mean to me it's on for mammogram screening.	Cannot understand yo please restate your question
1194484	Can you suggest where i can get best ablative/non ablative laser skin treatment for acne scars?	Research I am not sure what center is by you but my recommendation is to research places within driving distance of where you live. Get referrals from other physicians you respect and trust or patients. Then, go for a consult and see which laser is best for your needs. Hope this helps.
6794347	How much of an effect will Loratadine have on panel testing if inadvertently taken within a day or two of beginning the test?	Not much if anything. By panel testing, I presume you mean standard blood tests measuring usual chemistries done for a check-up. If by panel testing you mean allergy skin tests, the recommendation is to avoid antihistamines for a full 48 hours prior to testing as the drug may diminish otherwise positive skin test reactions. Drugs of abuse tests should not be affected. I hope this helps. Stay well:)
561424	Is it true that aloe vera can be used to get rid of acne redness?	Facial redness It can help, but other moisturizers are also available you might try coconut oil.
1320987	Itchy eyes, no red face/eyes, no crust/tears/puffiness/swelling, JUST irritation. No known allergies. Cause and solution?	Allergic conjunct. sounds like allergic conjunctivitis. you might try otc cromolyn eye drops, but prescription eye drops may work better.
686530	When  l lift my left arm  it hurts where the chest muscle conmects to the shoulder?	Shoulder pain Consider rotator cuff tendonitis or pectoralis strain as most likely cause.
519314	Had a stress test done dec 15th 10%false positive on it. At the hospital cardio doc said CT angiogram needed now he says no. Can i get one without a doctor referral cuz I have been left with that doub?	Second opinion maybe You will need a physician who does these procedures regularly to do the angiogram. If you doubt what your physician has shared with you about your condition, you can get a second opinion from another physician. If s/he feels it's indicated, s/he will recommend further testing. Doctors don't want to expose patients to undue risk, by doing more invasive procedures than needed.
1068784	I hav anxiety/panic disord.Startd meds lst wk.Feel dizzy tired scard im goin to die.I was checkd all ova@drs fri.Hardly no sleep in a wk.Will i be ok?	Anxiety Anxiety and panic can cause these symptoms, and you will be okay. If you just started citalopram it will not have begun to be therapeutic yet. It can, however, cause dizziness and tiredness. You say you just saw your doctor on friday, but s/he needs to know you're still having difficulty -- especially with sleep. Please call the doctor on call today since it's sunday.
1602752	Only had 3 day bleed last cycle, had a very faint positive test bt then disappeared. Blue veins on breasts, nipples sore, tired, nauseous. Preg still?	Call Doctor I suggest you call your doctor and request a blood pregnancy test and appointment.
1469654	No period yet feel stomach sick dizziness spotting brown blood head ache cramps sore breast nausea acne under breast brown shadow   Negative preg test?	Absent period Would get a blood HCG at an urgent care and also consider a sonongram. If both are negative consider prolactin level, thyroid work up . Please follow up with a doctor/urgent car within 48 hours
6689707	Sprayed a remover on mold under my sink.Ricocheted into my face.No mask. Showered and irrigated nose w saline.Mild headache & sinusitis 1 day later?	Mold remover exposur Most of those products contain a bleach like chemical. You likely got an unintentional dose that has caused a chemical sinusitis/rhinitis causing your symptoms. It may take a day or so for you to be back to normal. You did the correct treatment. Good luck
528448	My chest and throat burn when i take a deep breath. And sometimes it makes me cough as well?	See a doctor You can start with a pcp and they may wish to refer you to a pulmonary (lung) specialist. Need more history and an exam before could begin to speculate about what may be going on.
496822	For the past couple of weeks my breasts have been hot, sore, swollen and hard to tomuch. I'm on implant and not pregnant. My nipples are erect too. ?	Pregnant? Implanon contains progesterone. Some women may be sensitive to progesterone. You should also rule out pregnancy.
992404	I'm 25 weeks pregnant. Had a couple bacterial infections. Can they cause white bumps inside the vagina? Have like 4 or 5 that i can tell	Maybe Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment.
6609267	Is masturbation bad for sexual health ??
And does it have any effect on acne ??	You&#x27;re fine Essentially all males your age, and a majority of females, enjoy their bodies to full satisfaction. A couple of the cults claim this will cause acne, impotence, infertility, unspiritual, unable to love someone as a human being, make you an unfit husband / parent, bald, fat, demented, hairy, or smooth. It's all bunk and you should resent being lied to. Best wishes.
89599	I have a rash on my chest. Red and bumpy also itchy and spreading quick. Burn to itch? No fever? What could be going on?	Hives Sounds like hives versus contact dermatitis. Try non-sedating antihistamines and over the counter topical anti-itch cream to see if that helps. Will work for either. Just know that higher doses than simply one tablet of the antihistamine are usually needed to control the itch. I often start off with twice daily dosing and increase as needed to control the hives.
1264131	I am a light sleeper boyfriend snores i don't get good sleep need help don't want to take sleeping pills. Ear plugs hurt my ears.	Your boyfriend is The one who may need help. The most extreme possible fix is surgery but there are also sprays that can be squirted up the nose before bed, strips that can be put on the nose, and other devices that can be experimented with. If you think he stops breathing sometimes he may have sleep apnea and his doc can have a sleep lab study done to find out. Peace and good health.
1458256	My son continues getting staph infections, boils on the face and some parts of his body, we have tried antibiotics and natural remedies.  What else?	MERSA?? He may have resistant Staph infections--this may be MERSA--see an infectious disease doctor.
1428511	Red bumps on the inside of my arm and also on my side. They are raised and extremely itchy. Any idea what it could be? Pictures located in healthfile	Possibly eczema I don't see the images but this could be eczema. Try getting over the counter steroid cream and apply it to the affected areas. If it is painful, see a physician to make sure this is not herpes zoster also known as shingles (although sounds unlikely).
1150945	When was the first mastectomy recorded as being performed succesfully and by whom?	For cancer Mastectomy as a treatment , the great american surgeon william halsted in 1882, he also pioneered surgical education , surgical concepts , Cocaine for local anesthesia ( got addicted ) , surgical gloves , etc centuries earlier was done as rituals , punishments etc.
1458253	Rash-like at the end of my left eyebrow? Itches and swelling.	Insect bite If it is a round area that looks like a single hive, the most common cause is a bug bite. Applying anti-itch cream or cool wash cloth can be helpful.
1480870	I was recently treated for BV but I still have discharge burning and itching I finished RX for the BV so I am wondering if I have a Yeast infection?	Yeast infection It could be a yeast infection. Try an over the counter yeast infection preparation for vaginal yeast infections like Monistat. If your symptoms have not resolved by one week after treatment, then you should see your family physician or gynecologist for further evaluation.
881449	1 Depo-Provera shot(feb2013) and stopped after that. No period since but pink spotting most days + mega emotional. Preg test neg when will i be normal again?	Probably normal Irregular bleeding with depoprovera is seen in approximately 20% of women so this type of spotting is probably normal. It can take up to 9 months for this type of pattern to dissipate at which time many women stop menstruating altogether.
273072	Fatigue, dizzy, pain under ribs, weakness, thirst, loss of appetite, nausea?	Multi symptoms As i read thru this, several things come to mind, especially fibromyalgia. Consult with your doctor for evaluation & workup.
6653710	Is it possible that I have MS? I have fatigue, anxiety, weight loss, hand tremors, double vision, tingling sensations, had a UTI.	See your PCP for consultation, tests, imaging and treatment options.
1214106	27yo female: pain below navel, across her lower stomach and up her left side w/ exhaustion, bloating, some vomiting, gas, loose stool. 2 weeks duration?	Have abdominal exam It's time to see your doctor if this has not been relieved in 2 weeks. A complete abdominal exam will help solve the dilemma, as well as a food jounal to rule out something that you've eat, or could possibly be allergic to that's causing the bloating, or something else altogether. Drinking alcohol can factor into this too. So, get this checked out soon, and you'll start feeling better.
1378609	Possible i could have oral cancer?  but would your tongue and throat hurt at same time?  i also have ear pain, jaw pain, throat stings hard to swallow	Cancer in mouth Most oral cancers are painless, which make them more challenging to find. May be a viral infection causing swellings and inflammation. Could be Mononucleosis.
896475	Tested negative for strep have a real bad sore throat high fever for 2 days what type of virus is this? And how do I beat it.	Sore throat It could be any kind of virus causing the symptoms described by you. It usually takes more than 2 days to disappear. I would wait at least another couple of days to see if you need further work up. Until then, push fluids, salt water gargles. Acetaminophen or Ibuprofen for pain and fever and rest if you need. Soft foods, avoid hot/cold liquids or anything hard to swallow.
6726228	I am experiencing bad lower abdominal pains and light spotting? I have not had my monthly cycle for about two months now. my periods are irregular due to cyst and endometriosis.	Get seen youneed to be seen, examined and a pregnancy test.
1391049	Can a person take NyQuil 8 hours before having liver,kidney,bilirubin blood tests and gallbladder test such as CT scan ,x ray ?	Yes You can taque NyQuil 8 hours after these tests
6691303	I have Wheezing and chest congestion with runny nose. Cough. Clear mucous. I have had for 3 days. Is it allergy? .I had bronchitis Three weeks ago.	Mgt Most episodes of bronchitis are caused by viruses which can also trigger wheezing. If you are wheezing, an inhaler called Albuterol is indicated. You may also need to take another medication such as an inhaled steroid, and/or an anti histamine. I would suggest a follow up with your doctor. In the meantime, rest, stay well hydrated, and monitor your temperature.
748425	My body has been itching for about two months now but i don't have rashes! i get little tiny red bumps but they come and go. What can this be?	Itching with no rash The list of conditions that could cause itch without rash is long, like thyroid problems, liver or kidney disease, even malignancies among others. Need a complete workup including a chest xray, urinalysis and stool exam for ova and parasites x 3. Also small red bumps that come and go could be a type of urticaria (hives) that is very itchy. Please see your doctor right away for proper diagnosis.
642717	My husband and I have been having unprotected sex for the past 3 days i now have ovulation cramps. What are the chances of me being pregnant?	DEPENDS ON YOUR AGE! At best, women under 30 have a 33-25% chance of conceiving if they have unprotected sex during the ovulation zone. Conception also depends on several other factors, as well!
405085	Am i in any serious trouble i had five teeth pulled 15 hours ago and at least two of them had an abscess. The dentist could not drain them before pulling because the pus was still hard. I have been on anti biotics for 41 hours. Now the pus is draining ove	You You have been put on antibiotics to contain the infection and to prevent its spread. The draining that you are experiencing is the infection leaving your body via the path of least resistance and this is probably the desired result. If you feel as though you are experiencing any ill effects such as heat, swelling or general malaise, or if you just want to make certain that all is ok, call your dentist and have him take a look. But by no means should you stop the antibiotic.
241588	Have been experiencing severe numbness in my hands (mainly left hand from middle finger to thumb) and, recently noticed my big toe on the left foot doing the same. The only other symptom is spells of blurry vision. What could be the reason for this?	Nerve dysfunction Extremity (hand and foot) nerve complaints are usually one-sided when discussing entrapment neuropathic symptoms. Blurry vision is consistent with upper central nervous system issues (optic nerve). You should see a neurologist for a primary evaluation to differentiate the two symptoms to make sure that they are not related, which they are not.
1392537	I have taking amoxicillin 500 mg 3day speak 500 mg now clindamycin 300 mg. for 10 days how high is chance do c diff?	Well... There is no stats as to whom is going to develop C. Diff pathology with antibiotics. what is known is that nay antibiotics can cause it! Chances are quite low Do not panic
1383088	Hit with a hockey puck at the mid-medial aspect of my knee(pads).Pain when doing stairs,occasional pop when I straighten my leg,mild swelling,can walk?	Knee injury Based on the symptoms you described, you may have injured your knee - possibly a ligament or meniscus. To what extent, it is difficult to tell without an appropriate exam and possibly imaging. You should see your doctor to have the proper evaluation. Best wishes.
1201230	Constant nausea, abdominal pain (upper and lower), loose stools, fatigue, hot flashes and dizziness, emotional, flu-like symptoms and tender breasts!?	Carcinoid Tumors Carcinoid tumors that can be found in small intestine or in the chest, could cause similar symptoms. Sometimes they may cause hypotension too that cause "dizziness". See an endocrinologist for a complete history ; physical exam as well as hormonal work up. "endometriosis"; "irritable bowel syndrome (ibs)"; "psychsomatic disorders" ; "panic attacks" need to be ruled out also.
849046	Is it possible to have IBS (irritable bowel syndrome) -without- constipation or diarrhea? Can I have IBS without having constipation or diarrhea?	Unusual Irritable bowel syndrome is a common disorder affecting your large intestine. It commonly causes cramping, abdominal pain, bloating gas, diarrhea and constipation, and can be controlled. Although the definition is as above, am not sure whether one can have this without colon symptoms. Would certainly be very very rare.
1231172	I sometimes get a rapid heart beat that causes a pressure in my neck followed by brief dizziness and sweating.  I do not have anxiety or panic attacks?	See your doctor As soon as possible. This may be a cardiac disorder requiring treatment.
6773142	I have been felling discomfort in my pelvis area  Doctor got an ultrasound uterus had  3 little cyst  still have disconfort started my period after 15?	Uterine cyst It is possible the pain your experiencing is during your period the cyst can rupture causing more pain and potentially the pain your experiencing. It should subside after your period. If not I would obtain another ultrasound.
324071	Is it normal to have redness and itching even after a staph infection is healed on the face?	Possibly Though if you still have redness, it is possible that it is not yet healed. Be seen for an exam and diagnosis.
6630854	Can a bottom wisdom tooth cavity cause pain in upper jaw area? My tooth doesn't hurt but jaw and eat discomfort.	Yes, but TMJ Yes, but it sounds like you might have a TMJ problem. See an oral surgeon for your wisdom teeth. Mention your symptoms. He/she will check your TMJ.
1061566	I got bit by a spider 3 days ago on my upper arm, its swollen, painful, itchy and red. Feels like its on fire sometimes, what should I do?	See a doctore It could be infected so you should seek medical care.
6678478	Positive ANA w/1.80h bloodwork ok loosing hair, patches bald, leg tightness,butterfly rash on face, sun reaction, eyelids peeling, no tears, lupus?	Yes Yes, your situation sounds very much like it could be systemic lupus. Avoid foods with Neu5GC in them (red meat, dairy products) and see a rheumatologist to confirm the diagnosis.
1172582	Sharp stab pain left low back hip shoot down left leg to knee radiating down to heel. Now have sharp stabb pain lower right back hip leg pain to knee.	? nerve root Could be a compressed or irritated nerve root from a disc or arthritic spur in the low back region / from the sound of it potentially at l3-4 or l2-3 go get it checked out.
1364261	Why do the Dr's keep sending me home with pain meds for my ovarian cysts even now when I've had 1 rupture and cause internel bleeding w/serve pain.	Obgyn Without knowing the details it is hard to comment. Perhaps you are being seen in the ER and not in an office by an obgyn. If so schedule a visit in the office with an Obgyn (our office is close to you) so that you can be properly evaluated.
1066695	Bump neer vagina on inner thigh. Is this herpes?	Possible Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment.
1521736	I found a round quarter size dark purple bruise on my thigh 6 in above my knee. It's raised like a bump don't recall hitting anything should I worry?	If you have a new onset bruise - I wouldn't worry too much. Injuries can occur without us being aware. However, if this does not recede (as a bruise normally does) than medical evaluation may be considered. Take care.
1216947	How long does it take to heal from a diagnostic laparoscopic surgery done on my uterus to remove fluid and possibly both ovaries?	Ask your doctor! How long does healing take place after a surgery? That depends on how the surgery is done with or without complication and how the patient expectation is. Generally speaking, most of patient would feel well within 1-2 weeks. Go to ask and work with your doctors. Universally, practicing healthy lifestyle with no overindulgence and obsession will surely benefit living a long happy life. Best...
1608066	CT shows thickening of colon? Originally went in for stomach pains & burning in stomach. Ultra sound is good. Tenderness under breast bone above belly	This is a very nonspecific finding that can be due to a wide range of inflammatory, infectious, vascular, or neoplastic processes. Common causes are various types of colitis.
6636702	Bleeding red stools daily 1 month, gone now.. Colonscopy cleared, CT scan showed few enlarged nodes around colon. Gi said infection. Ask 4 biopsy?	No Red blood in stool more frequent from anal problems rather than colon, as such a neg. colonoscopy and as a result no area requiring bx. If digital exam does not define an anal lesion or internal hemmorhoids then whatever the problem has resolved and again no bx required. Check for a repeat bleed and this followed by anoscopy.
1603082	I inhaled bleach fumes for an hr approx. 17 hrs ago. Symptoms are runny nose, sore throat, burning/pressure in chest, cough, congestion. What do I do?	Chlorine burn Appears that you have sustained a chlorine irritation / burn to your naso-pharynx-tracheal-bronchial tissues. If external, the immediate remedyvis long ice cold water rinsing. You cannot do much of that, but prolonged mouthwashing, gargling, and nasal washing can help. Then, you need an inhaler. Saline breathing treatments may help but best is a metered dose steroid inhaler. So see a prescriber
1568599	Can untreated bacterial orchitis (treated now) cause somewhat desensitization of the testicle when being touched?Because of scarring?	Scar tissue does not contain pain sensors so the answer to your question is yes. You may, however regain sensation over the next few months or years depending upon the extent of testicular damage from the infecton.
1324982	What to do about rubella IgM may b positive in early pregnancy?	Rubella IgM IgM means recent infection and chances of transmission vertically to fetus are rather high. Universal vaccination was started because it is very difficult to treat a baby born with rubella infection and I am unaware of an effective treatment for fetus. In such a case, would recommend working closely with infectious disease doctor and perinatologist to monitor the fetus to explore the options.
1523990	I am on 5th month treatment for TB neck lymphadenitis. Can TB neck lymphadenitis cause infertility? Can i conceive in future after treatment?..	No TB neck lymphadenitis won't cause infertility but if your tubes are also involved it can cause problems. You should be able to conceive and have healthy babies after finishing treatment. If you have any problems, you doctor should know about the TB. It is a simple test at that point to check for tubal damage. I had TB myself at 16 and have had no problems since. Hope you do as well!
6793929	One side of my labia minora has been quite swollen, and very painful. Sexual activity isn't the reason for the swelling. I'm not on my period. Help?	You may have Yeast infection from taking antibiotics or a secondary infection. Or bacterial infection or an infected cyst. Please get to a healthcare provider for assistance with diagnosis and treatment . Thanks for trusting in HealthTap !
1291329	My middle and ring finger on my right hand  constantly numb and when i wake up in the morning aside from my fingers being tight and numb my elbow hurt?	Numb fingers There is no way to know the answer without a clinical examination and follow-up testing. Make an appointment with your family doctor. If necessary he/she will refer you to a specialist.
1600285	Had black/dark blue 2mm raised round spot on labia, popped, dark blood came out. Now spot flat,light purple, sound like a blood blister?Is it healing?	Blood blister Hi Rosie, What you describes certainly sounds like a blood blister. When blood is exposed to air then it appears darker. This is why the spot looks purple then begins to lighten. Yes, it seems from your excellent description that it is healing quite normally.
1464992	Can leg/foot numbness be caused by a cervical issue?  I have C7 right nerve root compressed, but the last 2 days have had  tingling in right leg/foot.	No Not likely to be related. However, if the symptoms persist, the Dr. treating your neck can probably address your new problem.
1577508	Cant get rid of the fear of pregnancy.Virgin&avoid sex but scared that objects i touch may have sperm&i may transfer to my vagina.Cant even shower?	Fears like this Should be addressed with a therapist. Realistically, you can't get pregnant not even a sexually transmitted disease in the ways you're worrying about. I can't talk you out of this on the web and I'm sure others have offered all kinds of rational (to them)explanations which haven't helped. This is probably a symptom of a more serious psychiatric condition. See a therapist or psychiatrist.
686508	Had a tl almost two years ago, late period and brownish discharge w/pelvic cramp, chest pain, and breast/smell sensitivity, w/ nausea?	What is a TL? Please notify me what a tl is.
6722839	Itchy bumps appear often (mostly arm/leg/back), can be goosebump-like or can get as large as bug bites. Disappears in a few hours. Usually not red.	Hives? Itchy bumps that appear and disappear within hours are almost certainly hives. The cause/trigger is rarely identified, but common things to watch out for include foods, new medication or hygiene products, household/worksite chemicals. Viral infection is a frequent cause too. 25% of people have hives at some point, but usually only briefly. Can try cetirizine, but read label. If persists, get seen
1004171	Skin around vagina peeling why? Hurts, itches	possible infection You may be dealing with hormonal changes, infections, or allergies. See the gynecologist and get it treated. She will help determine the cause and how to prevent it from recurrence.
1188277	Age 20. B12 256. Symptoms are weakness, hearing loss, confused, fatigue, thinking problem, numbness, dizziness, tingling right hand. Wht to do now!pls?	Intramuscular Get intramuscular B12 injections and look for the reason why your B12 is low. Is it pernicious anemia or malabsorption ?
484599	Soft head bump aftr fall wen my son was 7 and half, xray- no fracture , now 9 month still a lil bump, and had a fall again from even though lesser ht. ?	Are you OK? If you are ok, you are ok. If you are not ok, get checked out. Any symptoms?Nausea?, headache?Dizziness?Confusion?If so go to the er.
1263242	Symptoms of uti, given amoxycillin & later found white discharge & itchyness after urination which is now gone, should I take the antibiotics anyway?	No The Amoxicillin treated your urinary tract infection which is probably why you don't have any burning anymore however antibiotics can also cause fungal infection which may explain the white discharge that you have if all your symptoms all now resolved you don't need to take any more medications if you still have symptoms please see your physician for repeat anabiotic course or antifungal medications for the fungal infection.
626800	Vaginal dryness and discharge. The discharge looks almost like toilet paper residue but its not. Std and yeast infections negative.	Vaginal discharge Sounds like a yeast variant or simply a change in vaginal secretions due to a virus or hormonal change. Get a gyn checkup to be sure.
404682	Dental abscess leaking? I have a dental abscess which was drained two days ago. I'm on antibiotics and was told to come back in a week. I was laying down today with heatpack because my jaw was sore and tasted something weird. When i looked in the mirror t	Zev Zev is correct-heat on your face is bad-it can draw the infection out toward the outside of your face. If you have any concern about the progress of your healing call your dentist for an emergency look-see.
128561	What blood tests will detect coronary heart disease/ heart artery build up? Any tests? Would the d dimer test show?	Many tests. An early test would be a stress test with an electrocardiogram or ecg. This is done until there are symptoms and/or st segment changes on ecg, and/or target heart rate is achieved. Thallium 201 imaging makes it more sensitive and specific. The definiitive test is coronary arteriography to see the arteries. A d-dimer test checks for fibrin degradation products for deep vein/lung (pe)thrombosis.
128562	What blood tests will detect coronary heart disease/ heart artery build up? Any tests? Would the d dimer test show?	None There are no blood tests that specifically show cad. There are many tests, however, that act as markers for CAD - e.g. Cholesterol, crp. The d dimer is not used for CAD at all. It is a marker for inflammation, including possible thromboembolism.
6790434	This is my second month of having a 1 day period, and experiencing dark brown discharge. My normal period lasts for 5 days. Iv been experiencing headaches, cramping, bloating, dizzy and really sleepy. Could I be pregnant and still have my period just shor	Take a test There is only one way to determine if you are pregnant or not. Take a pregnancy test. In minutes you will have your answer. If negative then schedule a visit with a primary care doctor to seek other causes of your headaches, cramping, blasting, dizziness and fatigue.
1035573	I gave blood, since then i am, dizzy, chest discomfort, high heart rate and fever &low bp. Is this normal  after giving blood? I have SVT and afib.	blood donation The low blood pressure and increased heart rate are not unusual post blood donation. Fever is unusual and if you aren't cooking up a cold and it isn't gone promptly, i'd consult your dr.
1446015	Last period 25/07. Today right breast is sore, can't stand the taste of things i enjoy, fatigue, lower cramps. Pregnant or not?	Do pregnancy test pregnancy test alone is confirmatory
1142978	Pain for 5 days with UTI doc gave me keflex doesn't seem to work..Sore back sides lower abdomen area what should I do meds arent workin:(?	Call your Doc u may need a different antibiotic and u need a urine culture sent to the lab or go to the er.
6746612	I feel nauseated with some soreness of throated. Previously had stomach cramps and diarrhea. Travelled in Middle East. Should I be tested for MERS?	Probably not Hi. Typically MERS is a respiratory tract illness with runny nose, cough and progressing to shortness of breath with fever and body aches. If your symptoms turn in that direction then go and see a physician in Urgent care.
951452	Should my hand still swell after having carpal tunnel surgery 7wks ago?	Possibley It can continue to have mild swelling indefinitely depending on how you have healed, how much scar tissue developed, how successful the surgery and how much you currently use it. If you see any signs of infection or blood clot (heat, fever, increased heart rate, chills, etc), see your doctor immediately.With contionued swelling at seven to eight weeks, i would recommend follow up with your surgeon.
1445608	Do muscle twitches start before weakness in ALS ?muscle twitches for past 12 days.arm feels weird and that's arm w twitches but twitches other places	Twitches Muscle twitches are often present in ALS, but there are many causes of muscle twitching that are not ALS. For many people, such a symptom is entirely benign. It appears the internet information out there generally indicates ALS for muscle twitching- that is not what most of us would say in clinic. Here is another resource: http://www.neurocuro.com/muscle-twitching-and-fasciculation/
592055	I have numbness and slight swelling on my left side starting at my shoulder socket following under my collar bone there is no pain when moved?	Not neurologic Most probably, this is a musculoskeletal (rather than neurologic) problem in the shoulder joint or surrounding tendons (strain, shoulder sublaxation, etc) or inflammation in the tendons, fluid collections in that area (bursa), or breast tissue, or swollen nodes . Please see your doctor for a physical exam. She may order images of the shoulder, arm, or breast area depending on the likely diagnoses.
314168	Gi issues that stay for weeks, go, & return: bloating, gas after food, nausea after drinking h2o , slow weight gain, alternating constipation/ thin poo?	Nonspecific symptoms Your symptoms are nonspecific & may be due to gi-related inflammation, infection, motility disorders, or even extra-intestinal pathology. However, irritable bowel syndrome should be strongly considered & appropriately evaluated given your age, duration of distress, alternating stool pattern, & associated functional-sounding complaints. I recommend you see a gastroenterologist (gi specialist).
1376799	Severe pain on right side of knee. PCP did X-ray, said he saw bakers cyst. Referred to ortho to see if cartilage/meniscus damage. Read can't be on xra?	MRI Damage on the cartilage or meniscus is not usually revealed by x-rays, but by MRI.
206970	I started having pain during sex & intense pain after. Ovarian cyst history. Pain has spread into entire lower abdomen. White discharge. Pregnant?	It could It may be your ovarian cyst but if you have discharge it could also be a vaginal infection, so you need to have pelvic evaluation by your doctor.
118227	What are some simple ways to reduce snoring?	Reduce Snoring Snoring means the airways are blocking up during sleep. Anything that relieves the blockage will help snoring. The sites of blockage are from the top of the airway down, stuffy nose, soft palate and tonsils, tongue base, and tissues just above the vocal cords. Snoring can come from blockage at any or all of these sites. Go see your doctor.
6704580	When i shave my legs i get red bumps it itches It's really bad i cant shave everyday i have to wait two or three days to shave What can i use to shave?	Avoid mistakes http://youtu.be/HpYUMIaHHlM
1344944	I have had an ultrasound and urine tests which are both normal. But im still getting something like a UTI, blood in urine and pain. What could it be?	Here are some... What you reported indicates you already have had substantial care and interaction with local professionals so it would be most beneficial and practical to continue the close contact with them so the personal care can be timely modified and adjusted to meet your need. Online guessing will not provide realistic care for you. So, go to contact your treating professionals.
6644326	Can ankle break and knee arthritis post arthroscopic surgery contribute to chills and general ache in leg? Trauma dates 10/14 & 2/4
Slow PT at present	No Eu need to go back to ur doctor and tell them what's going on. Could be serious if ignored
6703915	My scalp was really itchy and white flakes were coming out of my hair so i went to go take a shower and put sulfate free shampoo and it burned ?	Exam You must be checked for seborrheic dermatitis ( inflamed dandruff) which is best treated with selenium or sulfa based shampoos ( Head and Shoulders). You may also need systemic antibiotics.
488707	My daughter is 9yo and has a pimple like rash to side of face for 3/7 now. Red, raised.Came up over night. Not itchy. (on eyelids too now resolved.) ?	Several things... There are several things that can present like this. An insect bite, allergic reaction etc. I recommend you take her to be examined by a dermatologist.
1522919	I banged my nose  pretty bad around a year ago and since then i get sinus headaches that refuse to clear unless i crack my nose.  should i be concern?	Yes You should see an ENT physician and have that checked. Your nose shouldn't crack.
6709404	Can tendinitis in the arm cause osteoarthritis in neck? Hurt my left shoulder and 9months later started having neck pain. MRI was normal in shoulder	Tendonitis &amp; Arthrit Tendonitis in your left arm shouldn't cause arthritis in your neck. Shoulder and neck tend to commonly affect patients at once. Does your neck hurt when you rotate your neck from side to side or extend it? Sometimes the facet joints can cause pain to radiate from the neck into the shoulder. Have you tried any PT or chiropractic? Might benefit from oral steroids (7 days) or Toradol (5 days).
1408027	6 days late, sore breast, slight cramping, nausea off and on, and negative test. Could I still be pregnant and when should I retest?	Yes You have now possible pregnancy signs and you can repeat pregnancy test after 3 to 5 days if you are pregnant it should be positive or you can have HCG quantative test through your f/d or gyn to ascertain then. we always advise to have prepregnancy checkup to avoid this problem and you should see your doctor asap either way. good luck.
99115	Taking augmentin for 7 days for om & etd, om seems better, but cannot get eustachian tube to open. Tried Flonase & decongestant... How long is normal?	ETD Eustachian tubes can be a challenging source of symptoms -- if a combination of a nasal steroid and a decongestant is ineffective, a trial of an oral steroid may be warranted -- i would discuss with your physician.
304936	Hi. I've had an itchy raised rash which started on my elbows some weeks ago as fluid filled blisters. Diagnosed as a virus. Now on knees and spreading?	Re-evaluate The diagnosis may require re-adjustment.
591625	Frequent urination, fatigue, bloated, gas, constipation,  nauseous, irregular periods, cramps outside of periods, and vomiting. Pregnant.?	Possibly Do home pregnancy test and you will know.
1330852	45 female ,upper back pain for 4 days , relief when laying flat. wet feeling in chest . ekg, chest xray and blood test done 3 weeks ago were normal..?	X-rays? I would be concerned about thoracic spine degenerative disk disease. Have you had an xray? A plain xray can show it sometimes but an MRI is the gold standard.
6625055	Been ttc for a yr very regular periods. I'm 18 days late. Sore boobs, darker aereolas, headaches, fatigue, constipation but negative hpt. Pregnant?	If HPT negative probably not pregnant. It's a pretty sensitive test. Test again in a few weeks.
1520643	After getting allergies I've chronic nasal congestion that switches sides. I tried everything nothing helps what can it be, m always congested.	Allergies can be a source of chronic congestion. Neti pots can reduce nasal congestion. Mix  tsp salt w 1 cup lukewarm water. More salt can also be used. Place solution in neti pot. Tilt head & pour solution into 1 nostril. Blow nose lightly & spit out any liquid that drains into throat. Repeat on other side. This can be done in am & pm.
6681872	Got hit in face now swollen around eye area and sore and eye is very red it been three days what to and I got small bumps around swollen area?	Two weeks Sounds like you have subconjunctival hemorrhage which is due to bleeding trapped between the white or sclera and clear membrane or conjunctiva of the eye. It usually takes two weeks to clear. If it does not clear see a board certified ophthalmologist near you or on health tap healthtap.com/rebeccamammo CKKMCR
1427179	I want a hematologist opinion please why Wud there be a m spike when proteins albumin globulins ag ratio are in good ranges pls kindly let me knw?plsl	SPEP A monoclonal (M) protein "spike" can occur with a normal albumin and normal immunoglobulin (Ig, eg IgA, IgG, IgM) levels. A monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance (MGUS) can be further evaluated for smoldering multiple myeloma (SMM) or symptomatic MM with additional tests. MM patients may have CRAB findings - hyperCalcemia, Renal (kidney) insufficiency, Anemia, and Bone problems.
480697	Cbc all normal, alp 67, AST 17, ALT 16, bilirubin 1.0, exercise a lot... Upper right under rib fullness w/drink alcohol,  liver disease w/#'s okay?	Many things Right upper abdomen pain could be many things, including gallbladder, kidney, liver, colon, or small bowel disease. A good sonogram would show gallstones, liver conditions, kidney issues. Might need endoscopy to rule out ulcers. Make sure you are not just constipated.
6753877	Pulsing head + dizzy/lightheaded when lie down. Ears clogged, pressure in eyes/face, nasal voice often. Allergies. Cervical issues. What specialist?	Doctor for allergies Allergists treat the allergies and the ear- blocking and headaches that come with them. They don't do neck adjustments in the USA. I would start with an allergist and if they do not help you, consider seeing an otolaryngologist for structural causes of the nose and ears giving you these symptoms . For the neck, you may need a different doctor entirely, depends on what symptoms you have .
6653500	Can topamax be the cause of tingling and numbness in toes feet fingers and hands, as well as sharp stabbing pains in my stomach?	Yes, it can This seizure medication seems to have been prescribed for an off-label use in your case. Those side effects are reported and the tingling is actually common. Don't just stop use, but have your doctor properly takr you off it unless there's a very clear need for it that can be explained. Best!
1463104	Can diverticulosis ( not itis) be mistaken for colon cancer on CT scan? PCP says no. No referal for other tests.	No, not really Cancer will typically produce a growth which has obvious size and dimensions. Diverticulosis does not produce a mass or lump unless it is inflamed and infected in which case it would be called(as you said) diverticulitis.
594110	My fiancee got a kidney stone of 6mm in size according to the ultrasound, is it possible to pass it without surgery?	It is possible But issues of duration of obstruction, ureter blockage may influence. I've had 16 and painfully passed all without surgery. Always check with your urologist for benefits and risk, and if in doubt seek a second opinion.
1189900	Stopped differin 2 months (used 4 months with no problems).Mth I have a red bumpy slightly itchy rash on one side chin. Discontin. Cleanser that made me react week.Contact dermatitis or differin cause?	Retinoid dermatitis? What you are describing could be due to a sudden re-introduction of your differin (even though you had used in the past without issue), or it could be a new substance such as a cleanser. Stop both and re-introduce one at the time spacing them at least 2 weeks apart. If you need to use something topically on the rash, try over the counter Cortaid for a few days.
622491	Running nose sore throat headache watery eyes fever mucus congestion?	Viral URI Sounds like you have a viral URI (upper respiratory infection). Hydrated with fluids and electrolytes, salt water gargles, nsaids (motrin) or tylenol and get some rest.
1290378	Dizziness -off feeling for over year. Several tests no cause . Also weakness any ideas?	Neurologist It isn't normal for a 47 year old female to be off balance for over a year. The term dizziness is not specific. Is it vertigo (spinning) or loss of balance? If the off feeling is unsteadiness, i would recommend a neurologist. However, unsteadiness is non-specific and could be due to a number of medical problems such as thyroid disease, hypotension, low blood sugar. Also see your internist.
892963	Feels like my ovaries r a computer and my cysts r a virus. Why do ovarian cysts cause pregnancy symptoms like bloating, weight gain & breast soreness?	Hormones You produce a cyst every month. The cyst or follicle is what houses your egg. This cells of the cyst produce your female hormones. It is these hormones that are causing the symptoms. The cysts are biologically doing their job to try and get you pregnant every month.
1221494	My hands are tight with numbness and red hot  burning finger tips they also are itcwhy and so swollen i can't put them togeather. What is wrong with th?	Rheumatologic There are some rheumatologic conditions that can give you those types of symptoms. It could be a problem isolated to the hands or one that has potential to affect other joints. A dermatologic condition should also be considered. To make the diagnosis an examination and lab work needs to be done. There are meds that can be helpful but need diagnosis first.
564120	9 mos pregnant. Blood pressure and sugar normal. Feeling constantly tired, off balance and slightly dizzy. Just all around bad. Normal?	Maybe It is possible you just need to keep well hydrated and are just feeling the effects of a child soon to be born. If you are feeling bad, and different than how you have been feeling, call your doctor.
6788764	I hurt my hand some time during the night it's not swollen but hurts to move it around the pink and shots pain down to my elbow ?	Temporary strain In all likelihood you slept with your hand/arm twisted or compressed some way in bed. This is very common; you may have compressed a nerve. If you have not experienced this before it can be surprising how long the discomfort can last once you are up and moving it into different positions. It should not last a day. If it does, or longer especially, see you doctor for evaluation. Good wishes:)
6650887	I had botox in my neck 5 months ago and I still can't swallow and look like a skeleton. Will I eventually be put on a feeding tube?	Need nutrition Depending on your swallowing disorder and your weight you may need a feeding tube, at least on a temporary basis. The two common places for the feeding tube are stomach or small intestine. These can be placed with either surgery or endoscopy. Calculate your BMI - body mass index. If it is 18 or less you definitely need nutritional support. Also if you have lost at least 10% of your weight quickly
1225371	Irregular periods placed on Depo-Provera shot but missed last month shot. Headaches heartburn stomach pains and more could i be pregnant?	Get the shot If you meant to get the shot, it is not too late. It does work for a little while longer than 12 weeks, so it would still be okay to go ahead and get the next shot. Ideally they are given every 12 weeks, so given the delay, check a pregnancy test.
179724	What is the fastest way to get rid of a staph infection in your nose?	Antibiotic There are a couple antibiotic ointments your doctor can prescribe. You put them in your nose with a q-tip.
360213	Black spot under tongue of 5 y/o. Prev biopsy of toe lesion dysplastic nevus. No fam history of melanoma. Gp/ent rec biopsy after watch 2mos. Ok wait more?	Definitive diagnosis Is made by the biopsy. If the recommendation is for biopsy - do not delay. Hopefully, it is nothing. In he event it is something, you need to find out.
53449	I lost my voice yesterday afternoon and now am getting a sore throat should I go to the doctor?	Listen to your body When you lose your voice, your first instinct should be to rest it. That means no whispering, shouting or talking on the cellphone in public as these stress the voice. If this is sudden, rest and treat the (likely) oncoming cold/flu with supportive measures. If the change lasts more than 10 days or you get better but the voice is still gone, go see a voice specialist- we're here to help you!
6649645	Swollen gland in neck for 1 week. My ear was swollen and sore from cheap earrings round same time could this be why my gland is sore? Starting to worr	Cheap errings Yes, the swollen gland is most likely due to either increased inflammation, possible localized allergic reaction or possibly localized infection of the piercing. The body can react to any foreign body -earrings Glands pop up when there is inflammation or infection close by. You might want to remove those earrings , do warm compresses to area, might need antibiotics, topically or orally
663740	Can i relax about cancer?Urq disc.&occ floating stool.Normal blood/stool tests, CT scan, colonoscopy, ultrasound and hida scan, endoscopy=gerd/gastritis	I'd relax for now Your pain and stool fat changes sound like gall bladder disease, though proven not present. Was the gerd region biopsied? If so and negative, your comprehensive and perhaps more than appropriate workup shows within the limits of present technology, you don't have a detectable cancer. Longstanding gerd can be a pre-cancerous change over the years however and may warrant future follow-up endoscopy.
701489	6 months ago, MRI shows herniated discs c4-c5, c5-c6. Now, no tingling down r arm but still neck, shoulder n upper back pain almost daily. What to do?	See below Sounds like muscle spasm to some degree. I would also question if MRI showed disc degeneration and/or facet joint inflammation in which case you might benefit from facet joint injections.
539785	Can dengue ns1 antigen be positive without having dengue if there is a history of arthritis.?	Possibly Possibly.
1489574	Have pain by lower jaw and below ear lobe that's caused chronic neck and throat pain. Is this a bone or lymph node? It's bit swollen and been 6 months	See a doctor Swelling and pain for 6 months warrants a medical evaluation. No one online can give you a good answer. Go and see a real life doctor - so they can examine you and come up with a plan for diagnosis.
853835	Snoring problem: what should I do!?	Snoring remedies Avoid sleeping on your back ( sew a tennis ball into a pocket on the back of a t-shirt) lose weight see and ENT to be sure there aren't any nasal obstructions take medication for allergies use breathe rite strips have a dentist custom make an oral appliance.
1157217	I have fibromyalgia what would you recommend for acute flare ups (once a month for a couple days)? Been on lyrica, neurotin and cymbalta before.	See details There is no one best answer. One would need to review the doses of the previous meds you took to determine if any should be restarted. Exercise may help. Some fm patients also believe acupuncture helps acute flares.
6775192	Been experiencing bloating, breast tenderness, stomach craps, headaches frequent urinating watery discharge. could I be pregnant?	Could be only way to know for sure is to test
6638396	Period is due in 3 days,no PMS symptoms like usually. I always have sore breast , lower back cramps, etc. but NO signs of neither. What could this be?	Nothing. Good thing. Well PMS symptoms do not have to happen every month. And enjoy and relax when you are asymptomatic.
6739217	I had a laminectomy 2 years ago,  between my knee and hip on left leg, i have burnng on the inside and numbness on the surface,, will it go away ?	How old R symptoms? If the leg symptoms were present before the laminectomy, I would not expect them to go away. They are caused by nerve irritation. If you had the numbness symptoms this long, they may not recover- it has been longer than 18 months. On the other hand, the burning probably will go away. If the symptoms are not related to the laminectomy, then I would have to give a different answer.
6779391	I used monistat 1 to treat a yeast infection 4 days ago and i still have some itching and discharge. Is this normal? Should i use another treatment?	You could... Try another 1 day treatment. ....or you could see your doctor for confirmation that it's a yeast infection and get a dose of Diflucan which works very well at eradicating yeast infections in one shot; or if you prefer a prescription cream that works a bit better than the OTC Monistat. Best wishes to you.
1399987	When I start to feel overwhelmed i feel like I can't breath and there is a lump in my throat I start to panic what is wrong with me?	Panic Attack Nothing. You are panicking and your body is reacting to your 'stress'. Many young people tighten up their chest muscles when they have panic or anxiety. They learn eventually to breathe this feeling or sensation away.
1500207	I'm 9 days past IUI  breast aren't sore! I have no symptoms ! But discomfit pubic area! Does this mean it prob failed?	Unsure It may be too early to tell, but by 10 days after conception the pregnancy test will usually be positive so you will be able to tell in another day or so by doing a pregnancy test. Good luck.
581860	Keep getting hot spells after keyhole surgery to remove ovarian cyst, 1 week post op, shall i go to the doctors? What type of infection can this be?	See the doctor Asap. This may be a postoperative infection that could make you very ill very quickly if present. Hopefully this will only be a minor problem, but you do not want to be guessing about this. Go and get seen and do not delay. Hope you are better soon.
27945	Will I still be able to box after getting knee replacement surgery?	Yes My assistant in the or is a 8th degree black belt in karate with a total knee. You still need to protect your head and keep your gloves up!
1555008	I had a skin infection (staph/mrsa) above my eyebrow if I kiss my boyfriend can he get MRSA even if im taking clindamycin?	Yes Clinda does not cure you from MRSA. ....but you can kiss in lips only.
1485088	Pain off and on on my left breast..tender at times.sharp,bruise feeling.biopsy done a year ago have a tatainium plate where they found lump.begnin.	F/U breast surgeon Although it could be a painful cyst, with your history, I recommend seeing you primary care physician, OB-Gyn, or breast surgeon for an exam and consultation.
6677787	Swollen/tender breasts, queasy, constipation, one day late. small cramps. pregnant?	Hard to tell... It can be hard to tell if a woman is pregnant because some of the symptoms seen in early pregnancy can also happen in non-pregnant women. A urine pregnancy test gives a reliable result if done correctly. One can test about 3 weeks after sex (3 weeks after when conception might have occurred), or 1 week after missing a period. An Ob-Gyn doctor can evaluate any persistent or worrisome symptoms.
548359	Pea-sized bump under chin, trouble swallowing, sores in back of mouth near wisdom teeth. Is it cancer?  Any other ideas of what it could be?	Canker sores A canker sore is a painful sore in the mouth. They are usually white or yellow and surrounded by a bright red area. They are not cancerous. This may be what you have. The "bump" under the chin is likely a reactive lymph node- you body's way of reacting to that sore. You can try different home remedies and mouthwash and they should resolve within 1-2 weeks. Otherwise go see an ENT or oral surg.
1071296	Lap surgery right ovary removed (14cm cyst). Appendix too. Endometriosis on left ovary and uterus too. Normal to have pain after 6 weeks on left side?	Not normal Pain during intercourse is not normal. If you know that you have endometriosis on the left ovary then this is the likely cause.
1025753	I have either blood clots or bits of product left over in my uterus, causing a serious infection, the dr doesn't know which why wouldn't they do a d&c?	Infection No d;c in presence of infection as it can spread.
1042690	What would cause a positive Lyme ab screen but negative Lyme IgG and negative IgM very high neutrophils low lymphocytes in my 5yr old daughter?	Lyme tests poor The lyme tests are poor for lyme disease. The diagnosis of lyme is based on a constellation of symptoms and not on a positive lab test. The western blot which you were describing can be negative in as much as 50% of the people with lyme disease if they have symptoms without an antibody response.
1251202	I am prescribed trazodone for sleep 50mg but still waking up at 3am and can't get back to sleep...Heart rate is up?	Sleep evaluation There are many causes of insomnia. Trazodone seems to have helped with sleep onset insomnia but there may be another reason that you have difficulty maintaining sleep. Obstructive sleep apnea can contribute to this and may explain the rapid heart rate in the middle of the night. You may wish to see your doctor.
889075	I'm from uk and got bitten last nite by a mosquito i think, today my arm has swollen up really bad and i'm now getting pin and needles in hand?	Arm swelling Are you sure it was a mosquito? It sounds like your arm swelling may be constricting tissues around the nerves to your hand, and that's why you're having pins and needle sensations there. Please see a doctor today! depending on what bit you, the swelling could continue or worsen.
650570	Its been two weeks since my last period, I have been diagnosed with an ovarian cyst and possible endo. Now have dark brown bleeding happening.	Hmm Are you on birth control? Sometimes that may cause abnormal bleeding. Another possibility is a vaginal infection. You will benefit from an exam.
1031279	I took the one dose treatment of azrithromycin for chlamydia. The smells gone away, but i still have itching and discharge after 3 days. Is it normal?	Yeast The chlamydia has been treated but you very likely may also have or gotten a yeast infection given you took an antibiotic.
788939	Could it be mono? I have no flu like symptoms. Just sore throat every now & then and a white spot, and red spots. Sometimes it hurts to swallow	Very unlikely You have a sore throat, not mono.
1288282	Periods have cme twice this month, causing, nausea, heartburn, cramps, and tiredness.Whats going on?	Common complaint Irregular periods are one of the most common problems obgyns treat. If this is one time problem it usually resolves on its own. If this is a recurring problem you should be evaluated. Infections ; hormonal changes can cause spotting. If there is a concern for pregnancy then repeat a home pregnancy test . There are many options available to help regulate the menstrual cycle. Schedule a visit.
1401541	Red spot lower right leg . Used to have a pitch black scab on top but fell off now been like this for 8 months. Not itchy. Gets dry and doesn't hurt?	New skin Wound healed, new skin pink. If it bleeds, itches, grows, you may need to seek help. But it sounds like non-specific result of injury.
724461	What condition(s) causes someone to have high total serum protein, high albumin, normal globulin and high total calcium levels?	Dehydration. There are no diseases that specifically increase albumin. Therefore in order to get an elevated concentration there must be a decrease in the amount of water in the system. This would also account for the normal globulin. Calcium is bound to Albumin so that elevated Albumin will elevate your calcium levels as well.
1380042	Can rubbing penis on vagina no penetration infect the girl with chlamydia or gonorrhea or any stds?	Yes Can spread chlamydia without penetration so use condoms at all times to prevent spread of STD;s.
1402898	Diarrhea with blood and mucus again. Colonoscopy 2 yrs ago was normal. Should I be evaluated again?	F/u with MD. may be diarrhea with blood and mucus could be seen in different conditions including infection, inflammation, cancer. go to see your MD and get checked. the fact that you have a normal colonoscopy 2 years ago- is encouraging. however, if your symptoms continue- a repeat colonoscopy should be considered. discuss with your MD.
502502	My tongue hurts, is white, white bumps on top of tongue and red spot on side of tongue
some congestion in throat/ on and off sore throat 
?	See your doctor The direct visualization of this will likely provide the diagnosis. Most common is bacterial or viral infection.
863758	I got a wisdom tooth out yesterday.  I got stitches in my left lower jaw. This a.M it looks like a tennis ball. The dentist is closed today. I can open mouth a little. Should i just take the codeine?	Answerng service? My colleagues already gave you some excellent answers and advice. I would just like to add that any dentist, especially ones that do surgery, which includes extractions and removal of wisdom teeth, should have a way of their patients getting in touch with them. This may be a 24\7 answering service, a beeper (in days of old), or a voice messaging system. If he\she doesn't let dr. Know s\he should!
6677561	Been constipated nearly a well. Got bowels moving slowly. Now I get random dizziness at times, fatigue, insomnia. Week before period starts. Period?	R/O IBS IBS is a diagnosis of exclusion. IUC/CROHNS DZ/IBD is inflammation usually DX by BX IBS SX can be managed .You need a full exam and blood work. Especially screen for H pylori . Also stool screen x 3 for occult blood /parasite/ &colonoscopy./EGD While you are getting these items checked out you should stick to a gluten free diet . Ie gutbliss.com and Wholeapproach.com TXPROBIOTICS/LEVSIN/BENTYL
318119	I had partial knee replacement surgery on friday, could this cause me to not be interested in sex?	Yes If you just had surgery a few days ago, i would not be surprised if you were not feeling interested in sex. It should get better as you heal. If it doesn't talk to your doctor.
1526926	What causes  numb sensation in temple and right above eyebrow? It's been going on for about 3 weeks. Also slight dizzy. I have had blood work,ct scan.	Semicrania headache You got migraine headache we call semicrania. Check blood test ESR for possible Temporal arteritis, see your doctor if not better in 3-7 days.
1533969	40yr old b/p 117/74 upper and mid back pain chest pain chest popping  I've tried popping my back for 3 days it's popped a little is it heart attack?	Symptoms What you describe does not sound cardiac related. Your doctor can do your history and physical to try and explain your symptoms.
6657123	I have a hard not movable pea shaped lump to the left side of my right shin under my skin. At first I thought it was a burse but it has been on my leg for 2 
weeks. It has not changed and feels like I am touching a nerve when I try to touch it my joints t	Have it seen you should have it seen by a dr
851291	Head has lots of pressure & shooting sharp pains n it mra & CT & MRI all normal neck pain & lightheaded very stressed out lately?	Neck muscles Tight neck muscles can irritate the nerves going to the head/scalp and cause headaches. Check with your physician for evaluation. Referral to a physical medicine specialist might be needed.
659787	Started the Depo-Provera shot on 3/12. I had just finished my period the day before. The next day i started again. And have been spotting brown since. ?	Common Any hormonal therapy for birth control can and will cause abnormal bleeding especially early on. Some women have more bleeding and some have less. Over time, things usually smooth out, but time can be weeks to months! always good to talk with your physician as well so you can both be on the same page.
858726	Having painful muscle spasm and twitching in left arm at and below the elbow down into the wrist.	Could be... Spasms with twitching do tend to suggest some injury or irritation of the nerves to the forearm. If you have any numbness, tingling or other change in sensation and weakness, that clarifies that nerve dysfunction involved. Would suggest you be evaluated if this is persisting as a good history and exam should sort this out for you.
319899	I have a feeling of a lump in my throat and when i talk i get short of breath at first i thought it was a panic attack but i had it for 3 days now?	? Panic attack Although initially it sounded like panic attack , but panic attack does not last that long . To be sure see u pcp for medical evaluation and work up.
1545896	For a while now I have been feeling strange  Keep getting headaches, on and of nausea, numbness in right arm and dizziness.  Now today I keep getting ?	Feeling strange? You need to confirm this with a live in-person doctor, but your symptoms sound like more or less garden-variety migraines.
1283265	Hurts to push on stomach bloody diarrhea pain in lower back pain in abdomen getting unbearable dr ordered CT scan nausea vomiting pain radiates?	So get it done? Not sure what you are looking for here. You've been evaluated, and a ct is ordered. Are the symptoms worsening? If so, call your doctor and/or go to the er if symptoms unbearable.
370754	When do you get regular mammograms? Breast cancer does not run in my family, but i want to make sure i'm doing everything to stay in good health. At what age do you recommend women start getting mammograms?	At 40 For my patients, i recommend a yearly mammogram starting at age 40.
1046278	Nausea & loss of appetite. Also frequent urination, fatigue, upset stomach, headache. No fever or vomiting. On day 9. Symptoms started very suddenly. No history of GI issues. Could it be a virus?	Symptoms Yes you could have a virus. Also you might want to see your doctor to rule out mono.
283566	What could be the cause of a sore right  leg and same side buttoxs cheek with a cold.Foot same side and feels like I can't strech it enuff to feel better.?	Sciatica Could be a reason. See a doctor for this, sounds like you have a bad case.
960390	I have severe body aches, chills then fever, slight nausea, exhaustion.  No cold, no headache...Am baffled as to what is wrong.	Infection Your symptoms sound as if you have an infection, could be viral or bacterial. If it continues, then see a dr. As sometimes an exam and even testing if needed will reveal the answer to your baffling condition. Best wishes.
6778042	I've been having a tingling sensation on the left side of my head follwed by a burning sensation on my fore head. Been worryimg about it could be a brain tumor?	Not a tumor your symptoms are consistent with a panic attack more than a neurological event. For your own peace of mind ,go and see a neurologist, he might order a MRI to clear that diagnosis,but the main issue is you get proper evaluation And treatment.
1239516	I am having cold symptoms ( cough, fever, sore throat) with flu like muscle aches? Should i see a doctor or continue to self medicate w/ OTC products?	Depends on How long you have been having symptoms, and whether or not the otc medications are working for you. We are still in flu season and if the symptoms have been present for less than 48hrs you may benefit from the use of a medication like tamiflu. Beyond that we usually encourage supportive therapy with the otc medications. Hope you fell better soon.
172521	What are potential causes of shaking or trembling hands besides parkinsons?	Many causes Benign familial essential (meaning of undetermined cause) tremor is the commonest form. Other important causes are thyroid disease, anxiety, hepatic malfunction, side effects of medication etc.
731934	I feel sick when i eat i'm dizzy if i don't eat i'm out of breath often i'm always tiered or sleeping i started iron pills incase its low iron again?	Anemia Most likely symptoms relate to your anemia, but checking your blood counts/iron should confirm or rule out such. Discuss with your pcp.
746929	Are prophylactic antibiotics required for patients whom have had heart valve surgery when having open incision procedures such as breast core biopsy?	Well, I personally do not think this is necessary. Dental work yes, but a simple breast biopsy, very questionable. Of course there will be doctors who would prescribe it. Unfortunately too many antibiotics are given to patient with clear indication of need.
873054	I have really bad pains in both legs , from the knee down to ankle. After laying down this is when it comes on. Help?	Pain After Laying Typically bad pain after laying is coming off your back. It could be a good mattress is needed, or a change in your sleeping position. If you have no back pain, you may be developing a bulging disc that only irritates the sciatic nerve when laying. Definitely get your nerves evaluated by a neurologist or physiatrist. Dr rich blake.
1545091	I have swollen glands in my throat. It is very hard to swallow, but not to the point of choking or my airway being blocked. Pain on the left.	How long? if this has been present for a few days only, that suggests an infection. If present for weeks or longer, it suggests cancer. Either way, see a doctor.
6699160	Heard most melanomas start from a pre existing mole. So is it a good idea to have all moles surgically removed to prevent this? Or impractical?	MOLES YES YOU HEARD CORRECTLY MOLES CAN PROGRESS INTO MELANOMAS, DEPENDING ON HOW MANY YOU HAVE WILL DICTATE PRACTICAL OR IMPRACTICAL.
6699164	Does distilled water and orange juice help kidney stones prevention? I can't find solid info for each way.	Vitamin C may help prevent stones which "grow" in a High Ph environment (eg: along with kidney infections) but can "encourage": stoines which thrive in a Low Ph (acid environment! THE REAL ANSWER is DEPENDS UPON WHAT THE STONES CONSIST OF! That's why it's important to strain the urine and FIND THAT STONE! Good Luck! Hope this Helps! Dr Z
1031989	Son was seen yesterday with bad ear infection and ruptured ear drum and today he says he can't hear out of if. What should I do ?	Wait and See The ear drum is very important for hearing. Vibrations of the ear drum move small bones in the ear that transmit sounds to the nerve responsible for hearing. When the ear drum ruptures it doesn't vibrate well. Fluid in the ear also decreases movement of the ear drum. Once the infection is cleared (no more drainage) the ear drum typically seals in 1-2 days and hearing is generally restored.
1010197	Hard immobile lump size of fingernail right on bone behind ear - not jaw. Slightly tender to touch. Mild ringing of ears a few weeks ago. Thoughts?	Lymph node? The ringing in the ears may be related to a viral infection that has given rise to a small tender posterior auricular lymph node. If it enlarges reap idly or persists, see a physician.
722318	Completely asymptomatic but labs hsv-1 IgG is positive IgM is negative. Hsv-2 IgG and IgM are negative. What does this indicate? Do i need antiviral?	See below Means you have been exposed and had herpes simplex type 1 virus in the past (mouth herpes) which most everyone in the world gets exposed to in the 1st 5 years of life. No worries unless you are immunocompromised or are getting "cold sores" all the time. If so meds might be warranted. Talk to your doc.
1553232	I have had sore breasts for 7 days...the 5th day my pregnancy test was negative..i have had headaches and cramping occasionally and no sign of period?	?ovarian cyst Tender breasts can be caused by hormonal change,as caused by pregnancy, but also by ovarian cysts, masses,stress,medications and also by caffeine. If your problem does not resolve, please see a Provider and check this out.
659432	What are these red bumps with white pus-like tips on the shaft and base of my penis that is like a rash and itches, there are a lot. I'm a virgin.	Bumps on penis This may be nothing more than irritation and common blocked hair cells. There is a chance they are warts but not likely at your age. If the rash is in any way panful or the white spots spread please find a way to get to a school nurse or a clinic where you can privately have this evaluated at. Your pediatrician is also likely to know what to do.
1232098	I have a fever, really sore blood shot eyes, runny nose, sneezing all day and general discomfort do you think i might be getting measles?	Sound like a cold Not measles, .
1084276	I'm currently infected by herpes simplex type II (igg) >10.0. What kind of food shall i take, what should I do?	Treatment What you eat won't make a difference. You can take anti-herpes medication like valacyclovir when you have outbreaks. Taking meds on a daily basis can be considered if you have frequent outbreaks or a sex partner who has a negative antibody.
1498731	If your hCG levels are 21000 at 5 weeks pregnancy is it possible to see anything on abdominal scan, not transvaginal as I can't have these done?	Probably not Too early to really pick things up, but maybe possible to see a sac.
1312580	Pain in lower back left buttocks. Tingling, pain, buzzing burning feeling in left leg foot.random Pinching feeling in calf. Nerve pain?	Yes Sounds like nerve pain possibly radiating down from your lower back. You need an exam by a physician. Antiinflammatories like Ibuprofen or Naproxen can sometimes help relieve this. If you have any weakness associated with the burning feeling, you need to see a physician ASAP
497276	I developed a red itchy patch on my palm of my right hand, that has now developed small cluster-ish type bumps. The area itches but not intensely.?	Dermatitis or eczema It could either one of them, eczema ooze little bet. Try to see your family he will help with it.
691268	6y/o pain in knees and tops of feet slightly high esr, 1:160 speckled ANA MRI ok so rheumo says nothing wrong  have any ideas on what could be wrong?	Get another opinion. Is the pain in a 6 year old or has the pain been present for 6 years? In a child with a positive ANA and joint pain, i would suggest a 2nd opinion.
1273473	Pimples on his penis. No stds, what could it be? It doesn't burn when he urinates, it's only sore when he touches it and can't have sex. No discharge.	More info needed Without examining this it's not possible to make a diagnosis. Have your physician examine this lesion.
825086	What to do about rash on hands, elbows, knees, feet, and now genitals?	Rash You need to have your rash checked by your doctor to determine what is going on and how to treat it, don't delay.
300563	Are antihistamines for asthma control?	No harm While antihistamines are safe for use in persons with asthma, the preferred asthma control medication is inhaled steroid inhaler or alternative is leukotriene antagonist like singulair. In moderate to severe asthma an inhaled steroid is combined with a long-acting bronchodilator. For acute symptoms of asthma, inhaled albuterol is the treatment of choice.
1099893	What's the best remedy for an oncoming flu? Sore throat running nose and headache.	Rest If you haven't had the flu vaccine it's probably too late. It might also be another cause. Regardless, rest, fluids, and fever control are the best options.
1394970	Joint pain in knees,left ankle & left elbow. I'm 32 & my c-reactive was 1.4, RA factor <10, uric acid 4.7, sed rate 6, pos ANA 1:40 homogeneous. Clue?	Pain It may be minor inflammation of the jts. Which does not produce positive blood tests. I would try an anti-inflammatory, Aleeve 400mg daily with food for 10 days. If this does not help I would see your physician again
1581470	I've have a light long period (10 days) took a urine & blood pregnancy test both negative but I'm still having pregnancy symptoms?	Get GYN exam It is possible that you actually were pregnant and your prolonged bleeding was a spontaneous abortion. This would explain the negative HCG test (nothing is producing the hormone anymore) while you still have residual pregnancy symptoms. Either way, prolonged bleeding should be investigated by your doctor
618917	Ulcers . H pylori IgG  neg, 0.9, ind 0.9-1.0 pos >1.0  iga.  Neg <0.89 equi 0.89- 0.99 pos >0.99 IgM neg <0.80 equi 0.80- 1.19 pos>1.19 normal?	Clarify These seem to be a listing of the interpretative values for the h pylori blood tests. I cannot decipher what are your test results. That being said, ulcers are caused primarily from h pylori infection (that won the nobel prize) and medications (nsaids). If you have an ulcer and h pylori, the infection needs to be completely treated to minimize the chance of the ulcer coming back.
398485	If I have high blood pressure, will i get heart disease? My doctor told me I have pre-hypertension. I know i may develop high blood pressure, but does this mean i will develop heart disease too?

.	First First of all you should know that pre-hypertension is not hypertension. You may never develop it, especially if you maintain a healthy weight and eat a low sodium diet. However, genetics also plays a role of which you have no control over. Hypertension increases the risk of one developing hypertensive heart disease. Like i stated previously, lifestyle, genetics, and other medical conditions (diabetes, high cholesterol) are factors as well. Take care.
842687	Fell down hurt my knee. Swollen & bruised. 1 week later side of foot has started turning black & blue & hot to the touch.Should i be concerned?	Yes If you have diabetes and mobidly obese, and have foot pain you should be concerned and see a physician. Sorry to hear about your accident, but you should take action immediately and make an appointment with your doctor. Hope this helps!
1160275	I had unprotected sex 5 days after getting the Depo-Provera shot and i didn't have my period while getting the shot, could i be pregnant?	Can I be pregnant? Yes. You can be pregnant. I am sure you were advised of this risk when you chose depo. I would advise a pregnancy test as long as the sexual risk was more than fourteen days ago.
1582881	I found some nits about an inch away from scalp in hair. What does this mean as far as time frame for infestation? Not itchy and only found a few	Early If you have combed and have only these few nits with no live lice, then you are early in the infestation. Be sure and comb thoroughly and repeatedly close to the scalp. Treat with a elimite cream. Wash bedding in hot water. Treat and comb family members. Good luck! This is where the term " nit picking" came from. Continue to section the hair and examine and pick nits until they're gone!
1173206	Can you help? I woke up to an itchy rash on chest, arms and neck?	Many possibilities There are many things that could cause the skin to itch. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1554637	Lots of Fatigue, bloating, lower left side abdominal pain comes and goes. Blood tests and cts scans clear but I still have symptoms. Any ideas???	? IBS 39 yo female with fatigue, bloating & intermittent abdominal pain might have IBS. Dr. can try Bentyl to see if symptoms remit.
1545274	Hi, im feelin dizzy and my eyes feels like are squeezing i have been to a ENT he told me my ears are ok could it be this a migraine or what test to do	It could be ... Often migraine headache pain is focused around the eyes and dizziness is also fairly common. I would write down the symptoms--timing and sequence--in detail and go in to see your doctor. The pattern may be clear enough to diagnose migraine clinically (by symptoms alone), but if anything doesn't sound typical, your doctor will likely want to do a brain MRI to exclude other problems. Best wishes!
1248077	I quit smoking 2 weeks ago. I have increased anxiety, feeling detached, vertigo, chest pains, shortness of breath, and panic attacks. Normal or worry?	Consult your MD It seems you are going through nicotine withdrawl and need some help to cope with it. You may need alternate source of nicotine and may be therapy as well do not start smoking now you have taken a bold step to quit smoking.And good luck.
792421	Terrible pain, cramping, tingling, numbness in hands, arms, legs and feet.	Evaluation Any time you have these generalized symptoms you should visit your doctor for an evaluation. This could be from something easy to manage as dehydration to something more complicated as a pinched nerve in the spinal cord. www.otwithmd.com.
1111249	Have fever of 100.8, cough, sore throat at times.  Nose running and stuffed on left side only. Should i take Advil & robutusin?	Viral URI Yes you can do that or try one of several otc preparations. Discuss with your friendly pharmacist. Don't use antibiotics without a very good reason.
600654	35 weeks pregnant & diagnosed with 12 CM adnexal cyst on left ovary. Does this require removal of ovary? Also how was this missed on prior ultrasounds	Depends A 12cm ovarian cyst will certainly get the attention of your physician! further action will depends on the cyst's ultrasound characteristics and any symptoms it may be causing you. Your OB may elect to do a laparoscopy. Results would determine further action.The cyst may have been smaller on prior studies and/ or obscured by the pregnant uterus or gas filled loops of bowel. Good luck!
1214280	Lumps in neck hard for over a year now and moving soft ones one left side of neck and pressure behind left ear white flashes and blurred vision in eye?	See your doctor Lymph nodes that are moveable are normal, but hard lumps in neck needs to be checked out by physical exam by your doctor, especially if it causes you to see white flashes, and have blurred vision. There may be something going on that you're unaware of, that the doctor needs to work up further with lab tests, or possibly referring you to an ophthalmologist to find out the cause of your blurred eyes.
6752528	After exercise, my ear itched a lot, and I scratched so hard it bled. A few days later, healed, small red bump like bite. Still itches! What is it?	Needs exam It is hard to say what the problem is without more info or seeing the lesion. Get examined.
382458	Is it okay to have a period for longer than a month while taking the Depo-Provera birth control shot? I got my shot on the 14th of october i started my period that night and my period is still, going my period goes from heavy to just spotting to nothing m	It It is normal to have prolonged bleeding (a continuous period) and spotting in the first few months you are on the depo-provera shot. However, if you feel like your bleeding is excessive or if you are concerned you should contact your doctor. Below, i've linked to a website that can give you more in-depth information on the depo shot.
6703137	Are there any other conditions besides colon cancer that can cause thin stools and constipation for so long? I have no pain at all, so IBS seems unlikely. I also don't have much of an urge to urinate, either, however, the urine comes out just fine. I also	Not enough fiber try to search foods with fiber- you need 30 gm fiber per day. It makes your stool bulkier, and makes it easier to come out.
163791	My one elbow is thicker than the other. There is no red or itchy rash. Why is it thick?	Using it It may be that you use that arm more than the other arm, resulting in increased muscle mass in onr arm.
1346977	If I'm going through "implantation bleeding", and had a blood test done the same day it started would the blood test be positive?	Nature There is no such thing as implantation bleeding. The landing of the microscopic sized fetus on the wall of the uterus is not traumatic and does not cause bleeding. Pregnancy tests are only positive after a fetus is big enough to have blood cells and chemicals that are high enough to be shared with the mother's body. That is at about fourteen days after conception. So, No.
643384	My HBsAG is now neg does that mean I have cleared hep b virus and starting recovery?  If so  is it common to have stomach pain nausea and bloating?	Probably If your hbsag has become negative and you have developed hbsab (surface antibody) and hbcab (core antibody), this generally means that you have cleared the virus. Stomach pain, nausea, and bloating should not be caused by the hepatitis at this point.
397049	What do you suggest? Hello, i steped into a hole a week ago and i now have a bruise covering my leg from the ancle to my upper thigh, i also have a huge bump the size of my knee cap on my knee just below my knee cap on the inner side of my knee, i was tol	You You need to be seen in the er if your leg pain and swelling are worse. You could have a blood clot in your leg. It sounds like you have been doing everything right (elevating your leg) but your pain is getting worse. Please be seen immediately and be sure that you don't have a blood clot (deep venous thrombosis) in your leg. I am sorry that this has happened to you.
397048	Am i pregnant or not? I have all the symptoms of pregnancy.  Tired, breast tenderness, lower back pain, swollen ankles, hungry, stomach growing, and tenderness around uterus.  I also have felt movement inside of me.  I would be about 3 1/2 months pregnant	You You need to see a gynecologist immediately and have a complete examination including a pelvic exam. You may need a blood pregnancy test which is more accurate. Please be seen immediately and have a complete evaluation. If you had worse pain, vomiting, fever, discharge or leakage then go to the er.
490191	I have a white creamy discharge its one week before my period an d i don t experience normal breast tenderness as useual what does this mean and im not itchy or smelly down there confused?	Several things This problem can only be solved by seeing your doctor and being evaluated face-to-face. After a thorough examination, your doctor should be able to tell you what's wrong and what to do about it.
276362	I suspect I may have a prolapse. I am 45, have had 2 children and my mother and grandmother both had prolapses of the uterus. My symptoms are long term ( ie the last year or so)  feeling of pressure low down, discomfort and stress  incontinence while exer	You may Prolapsed uterus, when symptomatic, will cause the patient to experience heaviness sensation, a feeling like something is falling out, worse while standing or exertion . You need to be examined in order to ascertain the degree of relaxation and decide with your provider what type of treatment is suitable for you.
1351167	Would a pimple with puss on genital area mean anything other than std?	Pimple with puss Besides an STD like HSV, the pimple could be an infected hair follicle or sebaceous cyst. Get yourself looked at.
1273690	I had a vaginal skin tag that got irritated (itchy, sore) it got dark red and i pinched it and if fell off.How to i keep area clean and stop bleeding?	Wash Gently wash. Shower is best. Use hand, not cloth. Skin cleanser is ok. Bleeding should not be a problem. If it remains irritated, see a gyn or dermatologist.
553280	A small pea sized sore lump has appeared an inch lower and little to the right of my belly button, also surround by an inch round red patch?	Low grade infection Sounds like you might have a skin infection you can try putting warm compresses on it for twenty minutes, four time aday . Then apply an antibiotic ointment. If no relief in a day or two, see a doctor.
1487150	A darkbrown spider bit my foot on Tues had a blister swollen on&around the bite it's red & itching bad I have pain in my ankle should I be worried?	Spider bites Seek medical attention today. You may need a tetanus shot and possibly antibiotics for infection. Furthermore assessment may identify the type of spider ( black widow, brown recluse) . If available kill the spider and bring it with you. Meanwhile ice the area and elevate your leg. Motrin/Advil may help with pain/swelling. See a doctor/urgent care TODAY.
6779803	Please help my mum said my dad has Parkinson's,has no tremors, the only test he's had is a memory one, can this confirm it alone! Doesn't sound right!	Parkinson's A good diagnosis is going to involve a thorough neurologic exam combined with MRI, and can certainly be supplemented by a good neuropsychological exam, which is likely what your mum is calling a memory test. Also not every person with this disease will show significant tremors.
288957	Treated with chlamydia, now experiencing yellow-brownish vaginal discharge. What could this be?	Discharge. Most likly is yeast infection fallowing antibiotics. Use Monistat Vaginal Cream over the counter and probiotic capsules orally
1430490	6/23 last men. 2wks no per. sore breast cramps&back cramps pee alot,clear milky dischage norm 25day cycle,2 neg hpt,nausea tired what could this be?	Pregnancy These are classic symptoms of pregnancy. Would take a urinary pregnancy test. If negative would get blood pregnancy test. Would see your doctor.
6735656	I had thyroid nodules a few years ago that turned out cold but benign.Now years later my Tsh is .05 but normal t4-t3.  can cold nodules turn hot??	Not same connotation Clod nodule means , did not take ( uptake ) radio active iodine do not have functioning thyroid tissue ,tend to have higher incidence of cancers as much as 15 % , hot nodule has functioning thyroid tissue less incidence of cancer. Now analogy is simple your did not have cancer tissue , just need close follow up & a good news
485508	I've had heart test echo, nuclear stress and MRI of heart. I have a sinus infection an i've been feeling fatigue and short of breath is that normal?	How long? You should see your doctor now -- may be you need antibiotic especially if you've had this more than a week -- and you may have bronchitis in addition to sinusitis by the way -- how is your heart evaluation? Are they all ok?
929786	I had a mammogram and ultrasound  recently  the outcome was negative  but dense (cyst) breast. Should i be concern?	Possibly. Dense breasts could "hide" disease. U/s will usually find lesions hidden in the dense tissue noted on the mammo. However if you have risk factors such as a positive family history, speak to your doctor about obtaining a breast MRI which is more sensitive than u/s for dense breast tissue, and should be considered in a female with neg mammo an u/s, with dense breast tissue, with known risk factors.
832601	I work in a nursery and hand foot and mouth disease is spreading. Large red spot under thumb, temp of 37.7, sore head and nausea. Could i be getting?	Early symptoms Yes, you couldbe showing early symptoms of hand-foot --and mouth disease.
833602	Gallbladder is contracted and contain multiple echogenic calculi.The common bile duct is 4mm and no filling defect is seen.Please advice me.	Do You Have Pain? The presence of gallstones in the absence of symptoms does not warrant gallbladder surgery. In fact, most people with "silent" gallstones will never develop symptoms, as high as 75% of the time. I advise my patients to be familiar with the symptoms of gallbladder disease and return if these develop. While surgery is safe and easy, it is not risk-free.
832604	I'm 21 with tachycardia issue, had an echo, ekgs, cardiac CT angiogram, bloods, chest ct, 24hr holter. Keep getting sweaty and tight in the chest and sometimes skipped beats eating dinner. Causes?	Brain  Heart Rate Without brain input, heart rate ~110 bpm. Heart, (like rest of our body) & heart rate constantly split second controlled from brain. Vagal acetylcholine release slows rate, sympathetic adrenaline/noradrenaline release increases rate. Fear/anger/stress (subconscious), high thyroid hormone, low heart output (for whatever reasons) & re-entry circuits are common reasons for rapid heart rate.
957154	How long is hand foot and mouth contagious?	See below From just before you start breaking out till you stop breaking out.
994328	Blood pressure rises from 110/70 to 120/70. Im 35 weeks pregnant. There is a trace of albumin in the urine as well. Is that normal?	Yes Trace Albumin or protein is normal as well.
1227136	Tonsils swollen, mild ear infection, detailed info thats too much for this msg but doctor said its normal ear infection and throat pus.. Can it be hiv?	Need more info The symptoms of the initial HIV infection is like a flu, or mono. Fever, joint pain, rash, fatigue, and lymph node enlargement. Because of the long incubation period, it may take several weeks or months to experience these symptoms after an event of infection. If you are really worried, you need to have HIV infection tested. There could be a falsely negative test, if the test is done too early.
677924	I have been having a lot of gas and dizziness wheni have a bbowel movement after my laproscopic hysterectomy?	Time Your body may need time to adjust to the surgey. Or it may be the medication you are taking after surgery causing your symptoms. See your doctor.
1582557	10. Days of missed period, getting white bumps around my nipples, negative pregnancy test, can I still be pregnant?	Time and technique If you did the test correctly at 10 days after missed period and it was negative, it is unlikely that you are pregnant. Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and anovulatory cycle is a common cause. If you miss more than two periods it would be time to see your doctor. Consult this site for more information on this topic. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/Pages/causes.aspx
1524189	My bf always wears a condom&pulls out before he ejaculates. Obviously pregnancy is always a factor if sexually active, but how safe am i doing this?	Condom Efficacy Consistent & correct use of condoms has a 98 % rate of efficacy in preventing pregnancy. However, condoms are not always used consistently or properly which can lead to a first-year efficacy rate for pregnancy protection of 85 to 86 %.
6629797	I can't sleep. Even if I go to bed at 8 I wake @ 12. up till 3 or 4. Wake at 6.Melatonin not working. Can I take sleep aid as well? Other suggestions?	Experts say... Sleep in pregnancy is important! Here's advice. http://www.sleepfoundation.org/article/ask-the-expert/sleep-hygiene when a 1st choice drug is not effective, it often means that there are some things you can do on your own or with a sleep clinic workup and treatment plan. Solving problems can be like solving a mystery - keep hunting for the real problem. Good luck!
386225	Aching and tingling in right shoulder, down arm into hand, wrist and hand swelling female age 47	The The aching and tingling part would usually suggest some problem starting way up in the neck. However, this would not typically produce hand swelling. A so-called thoracic outlet problem might be also considered but again this is not a classical presentation. Having said that, given that this is not a typical presentation a visit to the doctor would be suggested. Best of luck.
1438792	Yesterday and today I have had chest, shoulder, jaw, and neck pain on my RIGHT side, not my left...could I be having heart problems?	Not likely There's no way to know for certain without an exam and an ECG. However at your age, and with symptoms that are not typical, it is unlikely. Still, if the problem persists I'd recommend seeing a physician.
1438797	Tingling sensation in lower abdomen+blood in urine,4wks later passed half dollar size sac w/ white tissue. Neg hCG blood test 3 wks later Miscarriage?	Miscarriage What you experienced may be a miscarriage. Is your urine normal now?
1493500	Recurring nausea, head/facial stiff pain, abdominal pain, tremors, constipation  occasional diarrhea, extreme anxiety, trouble sleeping?	Vague symptoms You really need to be seen and evaluated by a primary care physician. Not all of these symptoms may be of the same cause or related to each other in any manner. You should make a list of each and every symptom, their frequency and association and take this with you to your doctor. Best wishes for a successful outcome.
1509165	I have a burning feeling in the left side of my chest near my heart, doesn't feel like heartburn.comes and goes. What could this be?	Thanks for asking! Call 911 or go to the ER. This is serious.
772336	19y/o f, 26wks preg. Blood clots in legs, on inside of knees. Er doc gave antibiotics, steriods, and pain reliever, said apply heat. What else to do?	DVT If you are pregnant and have the blood clots you described, are they on the surface (varicose veins) or deeper? If they are deeper, the concern is that you may have a blood clot in the deeper veins that could cause more problems. Did he suggest you see your doctor at some interval? Based on where the clots were, i would recommend following up sooner than your next scheduled visit.
1555581	Black spot onclitoral hood vagina.dermatologist said its a mole wont do biopsy because she said it would hurt.had it 6 years.and its grown.pic in file?	Mole Your doc is right.
697059	Functional endoscopic sinus surgery and septoplasty biopsy report says chronic polynomial rhinosinusitis with native bony septum. What does that mean?	Sinus infection The term "polynomial" is probably supposed to be "poly microbial", but basically it sounds like you simply had a sinus infection, which is the main indication to get that surgery. Individual circumstances may vary and you should always review your lab results with your own physician.
1216531	Swollen cheek, jaw and gum on left side. Dentist has provided me with amoxicillin and metronidazole. No toothache... What's wrong with me?	Need more info I think that you should ask your dentist since he had the opportunity to examine you and make a diagnosis and therefore is the best person to know what is wrong.
6791938	Pressure headaches on/off & feeling tightness around my head. Chronic sinus issues and I was told I had blocked ears last month. Same cause?Solutions?	Headache Seems you have migraine. Seek you doctor's advice.
1399402	I have endometriosis ,  ive been on Lupron for 3 months. A few hrs ago i felt a tearing pain in hip (still hurts) and now spotting brown blood. Go ER?	Go to ER/Urgent care Get this evaluated promptly, as any tearing pain in the hips is not normal, and needs to be evaluated by a physician, and possibly imaged further. Spotting brown doesn't help matters too!
1581066	I'm seeing the ENT FOR NOSES ISSUE, I have a Constant sinus headache, & I go to the allergist I just can't seem to get my sinuses clear, why?	Sinuses Your ENT will help you with your sinus related problems.
1157520	Pain behind right knee/calf pulse in foot good, 4 about 2 weeks sudden pain in left bicep down to palm. Leg u/s 6 w ago clear CT chest 2w ago clear!	Could be muscular Since the pain is in the extremities the ct might not find the cause. The leg ultrasound helps eliminate blood clots. A rheumatologist will help guide you through the diagnostic considerations. This would include muscle, joint, vascular, neuropathic or even metabolic. Laboratory and maybe more imaging may be in order.
372489	Can i be allergic to EKG electrode patches? I had an EKG yesterday, and this morning I have an itchy red rash in all the spots where the patches were. Could it be an allergic reaction? It itches a lot. Could it be serious?	Yes. You might have a contact dermatitis to the gel used to help the conductance of the pads or to a component of the electrode pads themselves. This can be sorted out by visiting with a local allergist and conducting thorough history and possibly patch testing.
1519194	My breast feel like their burning when I lay on my stomach. I'm NOT pregnant so what's going one?	Not sure Causes of breast pain can include cysts, prior surgery, trauma, medications (oral contraceptives, infertility tx, SSRI's), large breast size, premenstrual syndrome, ovulation, period & pregnancy. If you are premenstrual or menstruating, increased fluid in the breasts may make them sensitive to pressure.
903700	I have a pain in my left hand. It runs from my ring finger  up my arm - to my elbow constantly but my upper arm intermittently.	Several possiblities Tendinitis-of finger extensors. Often can stimulate by pressing finger around outer elbow region. Could be nerve from lower neck/upper back. Though not well-known, rib dysf can cause strange arm/hand pains, too. Best bet is a complete history & physical including a hands-on osteopathic examination to determine cause.If other testing is nec., your D.O. Can order that, too.Ribs easily fixed in office.
494026	Is there a pill that can help with my neuropathy and anxiety at the same time. I've tried Neurontin and lyrica didn't help?	Another choice There is a medicine called amitriptyline that may help. It is often used to reduce the pain that may occur with neuropathy. It is not officially indicated for anxiety, but it was once used as an antidepressant. Gabapentin and lyrica have no benefit to anxiety.
311893	Im on the Depo-Provera shot and every time I have sex the next two days i start to bleed and i jost came off my period what does this means?	Possibly infection Bleeding after sex is probably not related to the depo shot. Your cervix may be irritated from a vaginal or cervical infection. Some of these infections tend to flareup after sex, due to the man's semen raising the vaginal ph. See your doctor for an exam.
6629240	I've had stomach cramps for two days. Diarrhea yesterday and constipated today. Haven't taken anything for it. Never had this problem before, always r?	See your Physician Abdominal pain, diarrhea and constipation has many causes. Appendicitis, any foreign travel, bacterial, viral or fungal infections. Or could be from eating new or unusual foods. If accompanied by fever; need to see Physician as soon as possible.
820077	5 yrs ago was diag uterine fibroids. They were small, there is about 10. Over the last weeks, i thought i was having UTI now have signs of prolapse. Have appt, what ? Will dr ask? Is hyster. Likely?	Hyst? Fibroids by themselves are rarely an indication for hysterectomy. Prolapse if causing uncomfortable pressure, pain with urination, pain with intercourse, leaking urine may be a reason for hysterectomy. None of these are life threatening by lifestyle threatening which is a reason. Ultimately it is up to you if you think you need it. Do what feel right to you.
301871	I had a specific injury that caused my tennis elbow. I had multiple cortisone & blood injections & surgery 4 mos. Ago-still have pain-any other tx?	More detailed surger It depends on the surgery that was done. The tried and true operation is to detach the ligament, shear off the bone spur, and reattache the ligament. More limited surgery is sometimes ineffective. Other treatments you have received are appropriate.
1171715	Help. I snore at night keeping my partner up. I tried vicks, sprays, mouth guards. And I do not have sleep apnia?	Sure about SA? Did you have a sleep test to measure whether you might have sleep apnea ore not? There are several types of sleep apnea, and without a test, it is hard to determine if you have it or not. Snoring is another issue and there are dental mouthpieces that work well for snoring too. Of course, a dr. Should examine you- there are several reasons a person snores- weight problems, sinus, nasal, allergie.
1156657	What should resting (sitting) blood pressure range  and heart rate  be for a 60 year old men who have 3.0 CM abdominal aorta and 3.8 CM ascending aort?	125/75 range Based on the ascending aorta measurement probably 125/75 is a reasonable goal. Beta blockers and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are preferred agents.
1400541	Ive had one eco 14 ekgs 6 chest x rays and blood test for my heart all perfect so is it safe to say it's not my heart I'm 23 left side stabbing pains?	You would Need a stress test, Holter, and an angiogram to tell for sure but sounds good
1437305	I feel like I'm pregnant, but pregnancy test negative. last period june 18.I feel cramps sometimes&Vaginal discharge like periods but not.what's wrong?	Good time for exam These kinds of symptoms can be indicative of multiple causes. A thorough gynecological history and physical is a great way to isolate the cause and treat appropriately. It is very important if a woman has missed a period to get checked for other forms of pregnancy that might not show up on at home tests such as tubal pregnancy or blighted ovum.
718238	I fell on my knee yesterday and now i can't bend it or put weight on it it's also very swollen and red and bruised, do you think it's fractured?	Possibly You should ice and elevate your knee. You should be seen by an orthopaedic surgeon who can examine the knee, take a good history and decide whether xrays are needed to look for a fracture. He/she can also help with bracing, medication, physical therapy, and any other treatments that will speed your recovery.
1525369	Missed two periods. Went for ultrasound. 2.3x2.7cm hypoechoic cyst found in left ovary ?	Likely physiologic.. Re: cyst in left ovary: A cyst of this size is considered likely to be a physiologic (normal) follicle or cyst that occurs after ovulation. Re: Missed periods: It is hard to assess given the (brief) history. The obvious first step is to exclude pregnancy, intrauterine or ectopic. When that is excluded, there are a host of other conditions; you need to seek advice from a GYN.
654062	Hello I have stomach pains, bloating,  and gas for a week know. Is there some thing i can take for it. I also get real bad sour burps.	Diet diary Try keeping a diet diary to see if you can determine what food or foods that are causing your distress.
1598580	I had body ache, chills, fatigue, possible fever, nausea and diarrhea. But no cough or sore throat. Did I have the flu?	Could be- your symptoms were consistent with flu. What's important is that you must be better now! Though cough and a a sore throat is typically present in upper respiratory tract infections, it's severity varies with viral flu infections.
386735	I havnt got my menstral period for about 3 months this has happened be for but i just don't understand why I am not taking any birth control I am not currently sexually active and don't seem to carry any sign of being pregnant	There There are other reasons besides pregnancy that can cause a woman to miss a period such as: stress, diet, excessive exercise or a hormone imbalance such as with a thyroid disorder or poly cystic ovarian syndrome. Also, if you are within 2 years of starting your period, it is very typical to have an irregular cycle. If you continue to not have your period, you should contact your doctor.
1458845	Fatigue, burning throat and stomach, stomach cramps, frequent bowel movements after eating, nausea after eating, fast heart rate?	To the Emergency Roo This symptom complex would advise you to go to the emergency room for a more complete exam and history. You could be having heart related illness. Please call 911 or go to the emergency room
505975	Woke up yesterday morning @ 1am w/ headache in back of head that is getting worse. Nauseas & no sensitivity to light & sound, neck stiff? Appt tomorro	Keep appt This is a problem that requires a face-to-face meeting with his doctor. In that meeting, his doctor will listen to him, perform a throrough examination and possibly order labs or other tests. Based on this information, he/she will be able to tell him what's wrong and what to do about it.
842721	Can i be pregnant? I'm having symptoms of dizziness sore breast and nausea.Then it all goes away.	Time for a test Certainly.
1456994	I've had diarrhea for 7 days after drinking lactulose. Diarrhea is much less now, but I have had a new painful stomach soreness for 3 days. Why?	Acid indigestion First thing that comes to mind for me is acid indigestion, to see if this is the case, trial some Tums or Maalox and see if this helps your symptoms. Hope you heal well.
1494887	Medicine for bacterial orchitis?(not std, was tested) can't take floroquinones or bactrim (allergy/joint problems) was given nitroforuntin for 1month?	Poor choice IMO that med is apoor choice to treat a bacterial infection.
1453318	If my only sexual event was oral sex, which STIs am I at risk for? Can I do the RNA HIV test 6 weeks from the event?	Many possible.. You can get basically any of the most common STDs in your oral/throat area especially if you have any sores or cuts in it. If suspicious for HIV I definitely recommend evaluation in 6wks-3 months. I would also check for others if you get symptoms( new sores, pain swallowing, pus).
1368372	pain while urinating . After few tests doctor say it urinary tract infection.scared as it recurrs  mostly before or after my periods.pls help.	Urologist referral Would suggest seeing a urologist and Gynecologist, as there are multiple organs in the area that can affect urination. Uterus and bladder are practically touching each other.
6783542	Healthy 35 yr old female. Pneumonia in March then sweat gland infection in July and now UTI. Is this bad? Blood work in April was all normal. Please	Need evaluation What blood work? Recurrent infections in a person of your age need to be investigated for an underlying cause. It would be prudent to see your doctor/primary care provider for an initial evaluation and to see if you need to consult a specialist. For good health - Have a diet rich in fresh vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low fat milk and milk products, nuts, beans, legumes, lentils and small amounts of lean meats. Avoid saturated fats. Exercise at least 150 minutes/week and increase the intensity of exercise gradually. Do not use tobacco, alcohol, weed or street drugs in any form. Practice safe sex.
1131593	M south indian.What is kidney stone and how are they formed?Can taking beer once a month cause kidney stone?	See answer Kidney stones form for many reasons. Stated simply, stones form when the urine becomes over-saturated with the mineral salts normally present in the urine that can form stones: calcium, oxalate, phosphate, uric acid, etc. Precipitation of these salts is influenced by their concentration, urine volume, and other stone inhibiting/promoting substances. Beer or alcohol do not directly cause stones.
641748	Lower back pains, mild abdominal cramps, sore nipples, white d/c, 5 days late, had unprotected sex around time of ovulation. Any chance i'm pregnant?	Yes Home pregnancy test indicated.
723158	I tried using the Depo-Provera birth control in january but i had all the symptoms and side effects of it. How hard will it be to get pregnant now?	As soon as you have After 1 shot if may take an extra month or 2 for all of it to get out of your system so it may take until june for all of it to be gone.
1225144	Aggressive cancer growing again in my partners liver 3 months after chemo cycle treatment. What time frame are we looking at for her.	It depends It is always a poor prognosis when one does not respond to the initial chemotherapy. However, secondary agents may prove to be more helpful. The prognosis is influenced by the exact cancer being treated. You did not tell us the type of cancer and that information is very important. Is the liver involvement primary or has the cancer spread there from another area of the body?
1541986	I just found out I'm pregnant. My hCG levels are 174. Doctors said I'm a week pregnant, but 3 positive tests. Period was October 11th. Is this normal?	LMP best dating If you know when your last menstrual period (LMP) was, that is almost always the best dating criteria for pregnancy. Based on your LMP, right now (11/8/2014) you're about 4 weeks pregnant and your baby is the size of a poppy seed, and your due late should be July 18, 2014. Your HCG level is consistent with this; at 4 weeks after LMP HCG should be: 5  426 mIU/ml. Congratulations & Best wishes.
775311	Can the version of HPV that causes cervical cancer be contagious or give you genital warts ?	Different strains There are over 120 extreme's of hpv. Types 16 and 18 are the most common that cause cervical cancer. Six and 11 are the most common types that cause genital warts.
1157385	Is chest pains , headaches , frequent urination & fatigue & being really emotional signs of pregnancy or side effects to the Depo-Provera provera ?	Non-specific Could be side effects from depo-provera. There are other causes that could cause. You need full physical exam and work-up. Consult your physician.
692983	Penicillin-resistant staph infection in eyes spread through head. Single antibiotics have failed. What would be the best antibiotic cocktail to take?	Depends This depends on the drug sensitivity profile of the bacteria. See an infectious disease specialist.
864577	Had MRI and CT of my head. Normal. Should doc order mra mrv ? What's the differences? And would one show more than other?	More info First off, we need to know the story behind the tests as each test is ordered for a reason not "just because". If the test has low pretest probability of revealing the reason, then there is no good reason to order it. Mra assesses brain artery issues where mrv is related to brain venous health. Again, give us more details as why these tests are being considered.
1605510	Recently I started to have tingling mainly right arm/hand, thumb seems numb, and my feet fall asleep fairly quick. Muscles twitch a bit. Any ideas?	Pinched nerve The right arm/hand/thumb numbness/tingling may be caused by a pinched nerve in your neck, which then sends symptoms down the arm. A carpal tunnel syndrome could also cause similar symptoms. The feet falling asleep and the twitching muscles would most likely be unrelated conditions that would require further evaluation.
6723773	What is the treatment of gallbladder stones?	Gallstones diet and some medicines can help like actigall
1310374	Small, painless raised bump on outside of bottom lip. Doesn't appear to be coldsore, wart or acne. No fluid inside. Smooth, flat top. Scared. ?	Not dangerous. Your bump could be from a number of causes: an old scar from acne, a pimple, a cyst ( like a little balloon of tissue under the skin) or something else you need to see a health professional: md or nurse practitioner so her or she can take a look. So call them for an appointment.
14961	How is smoking and drinking alcohol related to breast cancer?	Likely contribute Both smoking and alcohol are risk factors for almost all cancers, impair immunity, contributing to growth of cancers. And alcohol contributes to weight gain, and obesity is a risk factor for cancer of the breast.
6699988	I'm 12 dpo. I have terrible heartburn, fatigue, sore breasts & mild cramping. Could this be a sign of pregnancy?	Sure, as well as... ...lots of things. Particularly if symptoms persist, get evaluated. In the meantime, & to reassure either way, check a home pregnancy test now.
6628040	I have a muffled left ear with pain on the inside, down my neck and jaw line.  I cannot feel anything swollen in any of these areas, no redness or any lumps.  Could this be an ear infection?	Could be, or a blocked Eustachian tube. Consult with your PCP.
528414	I might have the flu. My head hurts, back hurts, eyes until the bridge of my nose hurts, cough, runny nose, im sneezing constantly, and im pregnant.	Stay in bed , fluids Fluids. Humidity rest make sure no fever. Take care of the babytalk to your obstetrician before you take any medications.
1606541	What doctor do I see for horizontal ridges exclusive to big toe on my left foot? Visited PCP, vascular surgeon, podiatrist and none seem to care.	Dermatologist ? Nail condition are commonly seen by Dermatologists.
1225104	My doc said i had hsv3 but he said it wasn't herpes zoster when he saw my oral ulcers. I thought they were the same virus? What do I have? Please help	See details Oral and genital ulcers are due to herpes simplex and not zoster. These are 2 different varieties of herpes but do not cause clinical problems.
1224023	Stabbingpain in left shoulder blade that shoots down back of arm til bout right after elbow something like pinch on heart back pain . History?	Maybe neck Could be cervical disc issue, but might involve brachial plexus. With left arm, best to check out by ekg, but less likely to be cardiac referred pain at your age.
1297626	Please recommend the best OTC sleep-aid besides diphenhydramine?	Some options i think the diphenhydramine is one of the more effective choices but other that may or may not work: melatonin valerian root http://www. psychologytoday.com/blog/the-land-nod/201305/the-lowdown-over-the-counter-sleep-aids
360972	14yr old-- fever of 100.7, stiff neck, cough, sore throat, and headache?	See the doctor This is a problem that necessitates a face-to-face meeting with your doctor. This will allow him/her to examine you, ask specific questions. And possibly order tests to find out what's wrong and what to do to help you.
1353218	I have L4,L5 and s1 herniated. I do p. Therapy But I went to a chiro. Been there 6 times. I am in more pain. Can my disc get more damage from this?	Rarely, but it may aggravate the symptoms if manipulations are done. Rarely does a manipulation cause a disc herniation but it may aggravate it just as the wrong move or activity may. 90 % of herniation s get better with time no matter what the treatment which consist of multiple options : medication, physical therapy, guided exercises, epidural steroid injections and time. 10% go to surgery with 90+ % success
1134818	Could the first outbreak for the genital herpes simplex virus type 1 occur over a year later?	Yes It may if there is an underlying predisposition such as stressful situation as fever.
1472674	My 4 year old has itchy little red bumps on the side of her face and arms and feet. I believe it's chicken pot does she need to go see the doctor?	Chicken pox If it is chicken pox then it might help to see your doctor. Most children get vaccinated in this country, however they can still get a minor infection. Usually rash is less than the full blown response. You treat Chicken pox with Acyclovir, but this depends on how bad the rash is. Might be worth having rash seen and then determine if it is Chickenpox or not.
1358977	Lower stomach pain, headaches, nausea, mood swings, 3 months missed period, several negative pregnancy test, frequent urination. What is wrong?	Something is wrong There are only two things that stop your period; pregnancy os skipped ovulation. If you're not pregnant then something is going on that has stopped your ovulation. It could be stress, depression, rapid weight change etc.
1050865	Hit back of head. Not to hard. Small bump. Like if u got elbowed. But feel tired since. Feel bit weak. Hard to work. No headache. Bit sore. Bit dizzy?	Get checked to make Sure that you don't have a concussion.
1093602	I have incompetent cervix loss, ttc. Period is regular(28-30d) and now on cd17. What can cause abdominal pain, cramps, fever and nausea in the mid cycle?	Maybe prostaglandin Al of those could be prostaglandin effects, so it could be ovulation related. Most women don't have all of those problems but some do. Many other possible causes though: food poisoning, bladder, infection, long list...
1454593	I have a yeast infection & my gyno gave me Nizoral cream. Should this just be applied on the outer lips or is this cream to insert into the vagina?	Treat infection You put it on the spots where you are infected.
871757	My fianc is 18 weeks pregnant. She has been bleeding really bad for 10 weeks. She has started passing bad and big blood clots for going on 3 wks. Why	See doc now That is very concerning. Heavy bleeding at 18 weeks gestation should be promptly evaluated. She should go the hospital.
6654218	What does it mean when beta blockers make your blood pressure  go up? Prescribed for SVT, but cause nausea and now normally low blood pressure is high	Beta Blockers Generally speaking beta blockers have a blood pressure lowering effect and act as an hypertensive medications. This is an addition to their primary effect which is to slow heart rate. To cause an increase in blood pressure would be unusual. I suspect the elevated blood pressure and nausea or not related to the medication itself. Definitely warrants a visit to your doctor.
848644	Have you ever heard of a doctor prescribing blood pressure meds for a four year old for sleep along with ADHD meds?	Yes In child and adolescent psychiatry it is common practice to use the Alpha agonists like Clonidine or Guanfacine to reduce hyperactivity and impulsivity. They can also be used to promote sleep if insomnia is severe. The extended release version of Clonidine is Kapvay and the extended release version of Guanfacine is intuniv. Talk with your prescribing physician if you have concerns! stay safe!
718673	I had a tubal ligation in 2004 and my period is due in 2 weeks but i'm having a tightening feeling in my uterus and breast soreness.	Tubal Do a pregnancy test!
1501815	Inside my heel is an itching sensation, and if I scratch it, it becomes more itchy.  No visible rash, swelling, or any fungus. ?	Nerve vs skin This could still be an early on tinea pedis (Athlete's foot) fungal infection. Also, there is a small nerve in that area that can rarely cause an itching sensation if bruised.
657860	My friend has had milky white discharge and her period is so far 4 days late . She also says she has pain like if her vagina swollen . Is she pregnant	Possibly Please have your friend do a pregnancy test to know for sure or not.
1435951	Which tests can reassure me that chlamydia is gone after antibiotic treatment, I read it can be there but stay "asleep"? 
Vaginal steam, blood and/or?	Cervical specimen A culture or DNA assay probe from the cervix is required to assess for Chlamydia.
1319299	Lumbar lordotic curvature is reduced. Loss of T2WI hyperintensity is seen at L4-5 & L5-S1 disc levels suggestive of desiccative disc change. ?	Degenerative disc As we age we do develop gradual degenerative disc disease, a "wear and tear", and not unique to see desiccation or drying out of disc structure, which can shrink. This is NOT an indication for either surgery or injections, and best handled by good nutrition, sleep, and exercise. If you have low back pain, a physical therapy program can benefit.
6756298	Tender area in breast. palpate cause brown discharge from nipple. wipe with tissue mostly brown with very very tiny dot of blood. Repeated and same?	See a doctor You should make an appointment with a breast surgeon for evaluation as soon as possible.
364092	What causes neck pain shoulder pain in both  arms, legs  acheing wakeing me up  burning sentaion in between shoulders, and ribs, shuting pain in hip?	Several things This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
647703	I took a blood test when my ulcerative colitis flared up. My ast/alt level was about 65 and my platelet count was high. Is it high bc of the flare?	Probably The slight increase in ast/alt may be medication related, but the thrombocytosis can definitely be related to stress response of acute illness.
698809	23 yr old female. Dull pain in lower abdomen. Colonoscopy came back clear. No blood in stool. Have had the pain for about 2 months. What's wrong w/me?	Multiple causes Abdominal discomfort can be due to a number of different causes. These can include gynegologic, urinary, gastrointestinal, musculoskeletal, nervous system, and others. A thorough history and physical examination by a physician can help determine the cause of your pain.
1171098	I have pains in my hips, lower back & abdomen in am not pregnant my skin is also very sensitive and tender and can be very itchy with no rash?	Pain Vague symptoms. Hard to determine the diagnosis without physical examination. Pain can be due to an underlying musculoskeletal problem or a somatic manifestation of a psychiatric problem such as depression/fibromyalgia. Abdominal pain can be due to a lot of things. Have yourself checked by a physician. Best wishes.
6638273	Feeling weak, sore throat, fatigue, back aches. This comes and goes. Some days I have head aches as well or feels as if my hair hurts. ?	Get checked Could be a virus or hidden infection. Its hard to provide anymore information without a full history and exam.
6751250	My dentist placed biodentine as temporary filling. Days after, it hurts. It's like my tooth will fall. What will I do?Do I need to undergo root canal?	Possibly Your dentist will need to re-evaluate that tooth. May need root canal therapy.
1390604	Back head neck pain with feet burning problem cant even sleep no  painkillers work  need ur suggestion what it could be? what dr to visit best?	See pain management specialist or a neurologist. A constant, burning pain that is often accompanied by numbness is characteristic of the continuous neuralgias, neural tissue disease. Painkillers like opioids are not working and not recommended. Chronic pain medications like AEDs, TCA.s , SNRIs, etc are used. See a pain management specialist for evaluation, diagnosis and treatment.
321025	I started itching on my back looked like some one scratched my back with red lines then started apearing randomly al over on my arms legs .Verry itchy?	Itching and rash I suggest you see a dermatologist, a skin specialist. You may have an allergic reaction to some cloth, or to some laundry soap used on your shirts or sheets. It could also be a different kind of allergic reaction. It would be best to see a skin specialist and let him/her look at the rash and work with you to figure out the cause.
853996	How do I get rid of my acne black heads bumps and zits on my nose?	Is it really acne? Over the counter acne products, like salicylic acid and benzoyl peroxide, may help with mild "black heads". Make sure to use with a gentle cleanser and moisturizer. Adult acne-like lesions can also be associated with the aging process, rosacea, and other medical conditions or medications. See a derm if you are not improving.
1388519	What could it be if I have a hard lump under right rib cage pain up to shoulder blade insides dull ache abdomen hurts off/on? Went to ER have PCP apt.	Yes possible gall bladder issue if the pain is under or near the right upper abdomen and can get referred pain into the right shoulder with it
1244979	Blurred vision can't focus, dizzy, nausea, heart feels like fluttering ear and jaw pain right side, blood work good cardio test good but slow heart beat?	? Is heart too fast or too slow? If fast possible emotional component, but have a through work up with echocardiogram and lab.
1309325	I had a breast mammogram and ultra sound in august 2013. Then a biopsy for a fibroadenoma which proved not cancerous. Did a follow up routine mammogram and worried cause doctor ask to see me next week?	Why worry Call your doctor and ask why are you being seen. A benign condition of your breast in the past is a good sign. Maybe just need to have a breast physical exam to correlate to the mammogram. Maybe scar tissue from the prior surgery. Maybe the fibroadenoma is changed. Ask questions at your visit as i cannot tell what your doctor is thinking now.
6681396	Heart arrythmias causing underarm pain, slight dizziness? Many ekgs, blood, and xrays done all normal. I have anxiety depression & high bp though.	HTN/Anxiety Please let us know what medications you are taking, so we might get better idea on whether they are triggering your symptoms, since you mentioned that your workup is normal.
1213879	What to strengthen for poor kneecap tracking. Knee feels best when squatting slightly, but hurts and pops walking normally. ?	Strengthening Typically poor patellofemoral tracking can be improved by strengthening your vastus medialis obliquus (vmo). This muscle tends to medialize the kneecap. Also you can use mcconnell taping techniques to encourage proper tracking with a counter force pulling the kneecap medially. Proper instruction can be given by a physical therapist. If this doesn't work, try a bracing.
1320582	What could cause lower abdomen painful on the left side, bloated , feeling like vomiting and choking and chest pains?	Descending colon I would worry Pelvic Inflammatory Disease disease, if sexually active. Other considerations are: parasites, ulcerative colitis or non-specific colitis in your age group. Do you have fever? Diarrhea? Bloody? Nausea? This is potentially serious and you should seek medical help: Gaborone. (aside: your country is very beautiful-I visited it last month).
729569	Havhad tingling in head/fingers. Rapid heart rate, shooting pain in chest, back and arms. No memory of rash or bite, going on for 6 mont. Is it lymes?	Lyme Lyme can have unusual symptoms, there are blood tests that can help with the diagnosis if your doctor thinks appropriate.
516905	Feel  like there is pressure in my head  I have no headaches and i di suffer with sinuses .. I'm squinting a lot to so maybe i need glasses can u help?	Pressure sensation Most cases of the head pressure or aching are probably not related to the eyes, and would be much more likely related to sinus problems. However, if you feel that the vision is improved with squinting, or if the eyes feel more comfortable when squinting or closed, there may be a contributing need for glasses or eye condition. An eye exam can rule out these possibilities.
492198	I have had light numbness in my right hand thumb. I noticed at times it radiates like pins and needles up my arm?	See your doctor See your doctor. He may wish to order an emg. This may be carpal tunnel.
1380726	Could dissolving with effective supplementation "plaque" from inflamed arteries dislodge and cause stroke or heart attack pre-maturely? %?	No This is kind of a semantic answer. Dissolving plaque is rare to begin with and a realistic goal is stability. It is best to think of this plaque dissolving more like being smooth out over time. But if there are pits/nooks/crannies (call it what you like) there can still be tumbling blood that can clot and cause stroke. Any symptom should be discussed with your neurologist.
765991	Yesterday after showering i noticed little itchy red bumps on my face, neck, and chest. What could this be its itches bad and red. Sound serious?	Red bumps You may be breaking out in urticaria caused by the hot water from the shower. This is known as cholnergic urticaria. Take tepid or luke warm showers rather than hot showers. Take Benadryl if necessary before you shower.
779319	Would an aspirin regimine for a woman with heart disease and high blood pressure a good idea?	Yes However, check with your doctor before starting low dose asa.
1331936	Pain in right side of chest above breast sometimes in left side. I have a huge amount of catarrh in my throat, swollen lymph node in neck for 2 weeks?	Treat infection All three symptoms may be related to an infection. After 2 weeks, it is certainly time to see your physician for an examination and appropriate tests.
1168614	Could anti uricosuric agents also prevent heart /coronary arteries disease/s?	No uric acids does heart not cause disease.
724323	I've been on methimazole for 6 yrs & recently have developed itchy hives on my chest/inner arms/scalp/neck/ears and occasionally back & legs-related?	Maybe Methimazole is notorious for causing a rash. It is unusual to get a rash after 6 yr, but it is possible. Presumably you have graves disease? Perhaps it is time to reevaluate your hyperthyroidism and think about definitive treatment. See your endocrinologist.
1406259	What would cause a vitamin B12 deficiencybesides anemia?	B12 anemia Usually it is due to decreased absorption by the stomach due to multiple reasons. Decreased acid in the stomach perhaps due to acid suppressing drugs, alcohol, vegetarians to name a few reasons.
724325	I have been given disodium hyrogen citrate liquid for UTI infection but I have blood pressure for 3 yr at 140/150 by 90... Will it affect pressure?	It should Not affect bp.
762972	Why during spring my nasal bones look swollen when i look at my self on mirror & with pressure in nasal cavity and dizziness is this sinusitis or what?	Or what... If it happens regularly in the spring, it's seasonal allergies. Your doctor can confirm, and there are many medicines available to treat the problem.
511905	Clear white odorless watery discharge, itching burning as well 21 years old sexually active please help?	Possibly chlamydia Basically, get checked and make sure any partners you've had are treated or tested as well. You should be evaluated for sexually transmitted infections including chlamydia, gonorrhea, and hiv. Abstinence is the only way to ensure 100% not getting an std, but if you are sexually active, safe sexual practices virtually eliminate the possibility of contracting an infection.
511270	I was told today by my surgeon that I have a weakend spot in my abdomen wall where he was unable to bridge the mesh during my hernia surgery in july.  Will a hernia form at the weakend spot ?	Its possible Recurrence risk or a new separate hernia developing depends on the size of your hernia before the repair in july, and the results you have achieved. Your surgeon knows best these details. Okay to ask your surgeon these questions, take a friend with you. Okay to request a ct scan, and to get a second opinion.
1319515	Swelling of left cheek after bell's palsy. There's just 1 white spot dentist saw & said not an abscess. He wants wisdom teeth pulled?  Are They linked	DOUBTFUL BUT... I don't think they are linked, but if in doubt, I would get a second opinion.
179268	What are the chances of inheriting cystic fibrosis if one parent has trait?	Zero In order for any possibility of a child acquiring cystic fibrosis (cf), both biological parents would have to have the CF trait as carriers. CF is known as an autosomal recessive disease, which means both parents have to be carriers in order for their child to possibly acquire the disease. In these cases, when both parents are carriers, there is a 25% chance the child will acquire cf.
1119194	Had yeast infection, got treated with pills since then my vagina & discharge smell sour/like the medication - since june - pap tests came back normal ?	Talk to your doctor. What you're describing sounds like BV (bacterial vaginosis), which is an overgrowth of gardnerella vaginalis, a normal but particularly smelly bacteria that's found in the vagina. This sometimes happens after yeast treatment. A vaginal sample is done to make sure it's not something else (like an std...) and then the overgrowth can be easily treated with antibiotics that your doctor prescribes.
751788	I have calluses on bottom of heel on both feet it's very dark, no pain, very light smell, and itches every now & then what can I do?	Athlete's foot The calluses might in fact be a type of athlete's foot. Try using a topical therapy such as lotrimin. If the itching persists, consider getting evaluated by a podiatrist.
6762573	I have some boils on my breasts is it safe to breastfeed or can it resolved via otc or a Dr. Visit...? Not sure if it's staph but is on arms and legs.	BREAST BOILS BEST TO SEE YOUR PCP OR A DERMATOLOGIST SOON. ESPECIALLY IF ITS ON YOUR ARMS AND LEGS. DO IT SOON!
638418	An echo found heart murmer that the cardiologist said was otherwise undetectable.  Ekg and stess test ok.  Dr said not to worry its normal.  Correct?	Probably, yes! Echo can detect more than what your doctors need to know. .. The results can be misleading and falsely positive. You are probably ok...
1293059	2 yrs daughter got fever, rash from 3wks, now rubella igg=120 igm=0.33, she had vaccination 6m earlier
i'm pregnant 4wks and igg=18.2 igm=0.96
am i infected?	No Neither of the titers indicates active disease. Both indicate previous exposure or immunity from vaccinations.
1335542	My mom is on Xarelto and is complaining of a headache and that her eyes feel like they are going to pop out of her head. Its not as bad as a migraine.	Call MD now Xarelto is a blood thinner and any sudden headache and pressure behind the eyes requires an examination. I would call your MD's office and an "on call" MD can directly speak with you about the medication you are taking and what to do.
1151443	I think I have a staph (maybe MRSA again?)  in a personal female area. Can this wait till monday ? Do i see my pcp or gyno ?	MRSA Staphylococcal infections can progress rapidly and without being able to visualize the nature of your infection would advise you to see a doctor asap. It may be possible to wait, but not the safest thing to do. Good luck.
1469415	Feel head hot, neck burning, eyes hurt, temp is in normal range, unable to sleep, not hot flashes, libido is good, testosterone is in the 450 to 600.	Thyroid,estrogen ? Monitor other hormones
6729603	I have a ruptured L4 L5. I have recently started having groin pain I had two epidurals 2 weeks ago. leg pain stopped. not groinhave a injured s1?	Not necessarily Groin pain could be primarily from the spinal problems, but also may be a core muscle imbalance due to compensation for the pain caused by the disc disease. A proper evaluation, and MRI can help figure that out. Physical therapy may also be helpful in that situation. Hope this helps!
6677996	Neck pain arm feels heavy and tight as well as my hand shoulder sore help please?	NSAID and position This sounds like irritation to a nerve coming out of your neck. This can occur from a herniated disk or a bone spur. I suggest you take Ibuprofen at 600-800 mg per dose 3 times per day. Additionally it often helps if you try different positions with your head and arm. Tucking your chin back helps some control pain as well as having the affected arm over the head. Try traction with a therapist
1440470	My feet and hands a continuously itchy?	Many things Many things can cause this feeling. "Pruritis" or itchiness can normal reaction to dry skin or air or a manifestation of allergies. In more serious situations it can signify a blood or liver disorder. See your doctor for a proper evaluation.
1524401	Constant left leg pain in calf.dvt negative. Chest pain most days and back. Left arm sometimes sore . Leg pain most worse?	Complex Neg stress test & xrays rule out heart prob. Could be lung embolus. If pain w/breathing, though, chest/upper back/arm pain-likely due to rib/thoracic vertebra dysf.Low back pain & leg pain can be due to other structural problems like vertebral dysf., pelvic malalignment, piriformis synd. Likely all connected.A visit to a good UK osteopath for hands-on diagnosis & manipulative treatment could help.
1292906	Does every girl feel the symptoms of pregnancy like dizziness vomiting nausea and tender breast and is it normal to get your period while pregnant?	No, and No No, pregnant females do not all experience those symptoms, but it is possible for any one pregnant female to have any one or all of those symptoms. No, you cannot get your period while pregnant. If you get your period while pregnant, you either aren't pregnant or it wasn't your period.
1133997	Can you tell me about herpes simplex virus type 2, and what I should do if I have it?	Hsv There are two types of oral/genital herpes, type 1 and 2 respectively. If you believe you have either, see your physician for a culture or bloodwork. There are anibiotics that can greatly help.
6734353	Hi, it hurts in the center front of my left knee when I straighten my leg or going up and down the stairs, it doesnt hurt when walking ?	Tendinitis see an orthopedic doctor in a few weeks. Try Aspercreme 2 x a day in the interim
881684	I have a severe sore throat with no swelling or redness, very low fever, stuffy nose, headache/pressure and just feel bad.  What could it be ?	Common cold? You may have an upper respiratory infection with one of numerous different entities, mostly viruses. You may also have strep throat, but only an exam and testing will reveal this. See your local pcp.
889457	Diverticulitis @22, now 28 & constant pain beneath ribs, change in stool caliber, blood, vomiting, constipation, feels like a giant gas bubble. Uc?	You need To be evaluated in person. Go seek medical attention now.
851336	Excessive sweating but not hot missed period nausea heartburn and fatigue could i be pregnant?	Pregnancy symptoms In patients with regular cycles and good flow 2-3 days generally absent cycles are the best indication of pregnancy your symptoms could occur due to pregnancy advice run home pregnancy test twice if negative unlikely you are pregnant at present.
1493033	Every time i ejaculate,i get constant brain sensations like tingling dizziness head pressure which lasts for 2-3 days.Should i abstain from it?	Neurologist You should get an appointment with a neurologist o find out why you are having these symptoms when you ejaculate ASAP.
1281755	Classic lupus symptoms for 5 months but all tests negative also have raindrop sensations, dizziness, pins and needles, muscle weakness. Any ideas?	Trial of therapy There are not a lot of things that look like classical lupus so if all the symptoms are there even with negative tests i would treat it and see if it gets better. Also there are things that can cause a lupus-like syndrome. Usually the cause is a medication like procainamide, hydralazine, or infliximab. The list of medications is extensive so google it if you take lots of medications.
6620316	I've a red rash between my breasts it's dry & peeling & at times itchy. At 1st I thought heat rash due to large breasts & was really hot but now cold?	Possible Yeast It could possibly be skin yeast. You could try an over the counter preparation to see if it helps. If it does not improve, and certainly if it gets worse, you should see your doctor.
988488	Chest pain left side...Goes through chest & into arm.Get hot flash & dizziness....Am not overweight...31yo.Had a baby 10mths ago....Not active.Heart?	Chest pain Please have your doctor check for heart condition, any problem with neck.
1270174	Normal to masturbate to thoughts of something that I have a phobia of? Why would this happen? No sexual pleasure without thoughts of this phobia.	Control It's impossible to know why someone has something going on in their head. However sometimes thinking of a phobia can help one to be "in control" of it. For example, bdsm or rape fantasies do not mean someone actually wants to be abused, but may help them to become aroused thinking about it. This certainly does not mean something is wrong with you.
338538	Knee still hurts 3.5 months postoperative ACL reconstructive surgery
?	Ache is normal but Discuss your symptoms with your orthopedic surgeon to ensure that all is healing well and uneventfully.
1427758	I want a hematologist opinion pls tel me why n how is there a m spike when protein albumin globulin ag ratio all are in good range?	See explanation An M spike describes a monoclone (single type) of immunoglobulin. (Ig) If the rest of the normal globulins are low, but there is an excess of one type of Ig, then the ratio of albumin to (total) globuline can still be normal despite presence of an M spike.
1380180	Is it possible to have a blood cloth in leg or DVT and not know it? Can it disolve on its own sometimes?	Yes and yes Both are possible
634087	Hi i feel most of time lazy, tired high heart beat rate , pain in my chest nd breasts , back pain nd head ACE over all something even my bones thank you?	Rapid heart beat One possible reason could be hyperthyroidism but there can be many others. It is important for you to see your physician.
510988	Got antibiodics 4 STD or UTI not sure, stoped breaking out when it was real common.If acne reapears should I go for another dose?	Antibiotics for Acne Certain types of antibiotics are helpful for treating acne. However, depending on the type of acne, there are better ways to treat your acne than with just antibiotics. Sometimes, topical medicines are better at controlling acne and keeping it from flaring up. I would see a dermatologist for some help with managing the breakouts. Lots of choices exist and are well tolerated and lot lasting.
595266	Is Vyvanse effected by urine alkalinity?	Excretion is The percent of dose excreted as unchanged drug varies greatly depending upon urinary ph and urine flow. At low ph as much as 70% of the dose may be excreted as amphetamine in 24 h, whereas as little as 1% may be excreted within 24 h at alkaline ph (j. Pharm. Pharmacol. 21:241-258 (1969).
832820	Freq. Urination, burning not when pee and lil itch. No syphilis chlam/ghonnor hiv. Doc saw yeast 3 diflucan hasn't helped. No UTI and urine looks good?	Diabetes? Did you check for diabetes? Are you drinking too much water or fluids?
300865	Numbness in the hands and fingers from typing too much, but how do I tell boss?	Numbness Tell him after you see a neurologist or hand specialist because it may not be from typing. If you have verification of a carpel tunnel syndrome it can be aggrevated by keyboarding.
798103	I been haveing headaches tender breast nasuea and sleeping a lot and diarrhea i seen my period. May 12 is there a possibility i may be pregant?	Pregnant? Does not sound likely, but easiest thing to do is to get urine test strips from your friendly pharmacist and check yourself now and again in 7-14 days if negative. Good luck and feel better soon. If you are preggers, have a great baby.
6671348	5 months I have experienced abdominal bloating, 'hard' central abdomen (5cm radius around belly button), very painful to touch, oily stools and gas?	Malabsorption oily stools indicate you are not absorbing all your fats. And the gas could mean youre not absorbing sugars. You need an evaluation by your healthcare professional to get to the cause of this condition- Best of health to you
373365	How long after surgery to start physical therapy? My brother says theyre going to start me on physical therapy while im still in the hospital. Isnt that too soon? Shouldnt i heal from the surgery first?	Though Though it may seem opposite to the idea that one needs to "heal" a bit before rehabilitation, in many instances physical therapy is appropriately started while in hospital. Hello: the therapists are familiar with your surgery and will follow guidelines by your surgeon. If there are needs for a safe transition to home (e.g. Some may need home setting modifications if stairs are difficult), starting therapy while in hospital also allows the therapist to assess your mobility and safety and help your social worker arrange specific things you need before sending you home. For example, patients with hip or knee replacements are routinely out of bed the next day and taking a few steps, and in case of hip replacement patients they are working on precautions to improve the safety of their hips. Hope this helps! sincerely, jim hsu, md seattle, wa.
1498505	I have pain in wrist,elbow of left hand.my fingers are not working properly.my left hand shakes when works.i cant weigh objects with my left hand.plea?	Follow up with PCP Follow up with a PHysician. It could be something such as carpal tunnel syndrome, but it could be another neurologic or orthopedic condition. See your Physician for more tests and studies.
1446266	On 112mcg of levothyroxine for hypothyroid. Yearly blood results T4 free was 1.29 and TSH was 6.9. How much should dr. adjust my meds? When to retest?	You need to be on the proper dose of BRAND NAME T4 replacement to increase your levels and bring your thyroid numbers into the normal range. THere's no way to tell you how much you need to increase, but 125 mcg may be sufficient. Check w/your doctor.
1447507	I took flexeril earlier this evening. Is it safe for me to take cymbalta now?	Yes There are no reported drug interactions between these medications. The Flexeril could make you drowsy and sometime the Cymbalta makes people drowsy. I would avoid driving or operating machinery in case you are one of those people that it makes drowsy.
540644	I have a clear mucus discharge with blood in it with mild cramps. Pregnancy test negative period not due for another week. Whats wrong with me?	Anovulation You've had a cycle in which the ovary failed to release an egg. This disrupts the usual hormone levels and causes the cycle to be abnormal.
654889	Sometimes i get pain right above my left breast. Deep breaths give me sharp pain. The pain can last from hours to days. Any idea what it could be?	Lung problem ? You need a medical examination to find out the cause of the pain. Self medication does not find the cause.
1407129	Could I be pregnant if I went off the pill about three weeks ago and have bloating and sore breasts, my period isn't due for another 8 days,?	Possible If you don't get your period check a pregnancy test
912736	My son is 3 years of age and from birth till now he always suffer from cold cough flu chest congestion. Help?	Recurrent infections Children will experience more colds and infections especially if they attend daycare, exposed to cigarette smoke or were forn very premature. Chronic or recurrent congestion, cough may indicate allergies and/or asthma. Less common is an immune system problem predisposing children to recurrent, severe or unusual infections. An allergist can assist in sorting these out.
1385758	Hi, i have been experiencing internal tingling and burning sensation all over my body from my head, arms, stomach, chest,back etc?	TOTAL BODY PAIN A few possibilities to be considered, including Fabry's disease, a diffuse neuropathy especially involving small fibres, and fibromyalgia. Some rheumatological conditions could present this way. Need to discuss this with your physician and get this investigated.
6632380	I have been on ativan for 6 months ran out i have Xanax at home can i take it instead?	Safe If you are healthy it should be safe. Consult your doctor as soon as possible,
6680514	I have missed my period by 7 days, I have taken 6 pregnancy test all are negative. Today I saw a small light colored blood clot in my urine. ?	Unrelated issues Blood in urine is a separate issue and you should consult your doctor for that. If you did the tests correctly and those were negative at 7 days after missed period, you are unlikely to be pregnant. You may repeat the test in 3-4 days if you do not get a period by then. Use first morning urine and follow the instructions for the test carefully. If you do not wish to be pregnant, use contraception all the time, every time. You may consider implanted contraceptive. Practice safe sex. Get HPV vaccine.
1138857	I have hyper mobile joints with chronic pain and popping in all of my joints in my arms, neck, back, hips and knees. What is the treatment for this?	See details There are several treatment options. I have had good results with Gabapentin in this situation. Talk to a rheumatologist.
1399232	Can you get pregnate if you miss Depo-Provera shot by 4 weeks but havent had a period since i started using the shot.	Absolutely You could ovulate any day. Periods come after ovulation, not before. Use protection!
6632388	Is it safe to take 1mg Xanax i ran out of ativan it would be 12 hrs since i took it?	Probably If your health is good it is probably safe.
1385753	Hot and cold sweats, no fever. Nasal congestion and swollen glands green snot and chest mucus also green. Is this the flu or a cold? Or virus?	Virus but Depends on the duration. If these symptoms have b een present for less than 10 days and are getting better, then they are likely from a cold virus. If the symptoms have been present for more than 10 days and are getting worse, then you likely have a bacterial sinusitis.
642738	I am 10 weeks pregnant, but still i had no morning sickness, nausea throw ups nothing.Except litlle breast tenderness.Is this normal?Am so worried.	Yes Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy is variable between patients and pregnancies.
1190749	What can a person on beta blockers do for chest wheeze, cough, phlegm when albuterol breathing treatments are contraindicated? How to clear out lungs?	Alternative I don't know the contraindication to albuterol but there is Levalbuterol as alternative. In addition, an inhaled steroid is usually indicated for chronic lung problems. Revisit your bblocker as there are also more selective ones that don't induce bronchospasm. Talk to your doctor about these. And definitely try to see if you can get cough meds. Cough can induce wheezing. Good luck.
946745	How long will throat swelling remain after bee sting?	There should be none Ideally there should be no throat swelling. Anaphylactic shock can be thought of as a triad of symptoms including hives, respiratory difficulty (excessive throat swelling) and low blood pressure. The presence of one or two of these is an anaphylactoid reaction. Either should be evaluated by a doctor. Carrying an epi-pen and Benadryl might be in order. Throat swelling can become dangerous quickly.
730411	19mth old who is projectile vomiting tries drinking just to loose it 10 min later, tries eating but comes up to, and watery diarrhea do I take him in?	Can call Peds or yes If you can speak with pediatrician in relatively short time, then could call to see if any recommendations or wants to see in office. If not, then would take to er, as wee-ones have very limited reserves and get dehydrated quickly.
6691364	Can kidney stone kill a person ? and can an four year old get kidney stone and gallbladder stones ?	If It is large and is associated with a blood stream infection. It is unusual for a 4 year old to have stones unless there is an associated metabolic disease. All the best and get some advice from Peds endocrinology.
6728893	Could Hashimoto's Encephalopathy cause a circulation/nerve problem like mouth and fingers go numb when standing up/lying down and blood pools in legs?	Not really "Encephalopathy" (no matter whose name precedes the word) simply refers to a state of altered thinking/understanding. Delirium could be a synonym. Therefore, encephalopathy itself tells us that the brain is MALFUNCTIONING in thought processes. Although it's certainly possible for circulation problems to COEXIST with the encephalopathy it's not necessarily its CAUSE.
1170123	Can't tell, but left jaw right at back at curve may be ever so slightly swollen, no swollen glands anywhere else, having some  TMJ issues,  concern?	See oral surgeon No swelling generally with TMJ. See oral surgeon/ENT to examine If negative, see TMJ expert. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
1094127	Pain in my right thigh side and front near thigh hip joint till knee, lower backand at head and neck joint  difficulty in climbing stairs & rsing leg?	NEURO- MUSCULAR PROB See a doctor sounds like you need some testing see if the problem is nerve or muscle.
1544932	I have a sore throat & its hard to swallow. Now i have ear pain radiating down my neck & it hurts to turn my head. Ear infection?	Sore throat or ear? Could be an ear infection or a tonsillitis?pharyngitis. In a situation like this it is important to have it evaluated as quickly as possible as you may need antibiotics.
1544934	Itchy rash on stomach and chest for 3-4 days now... 2% hydrocortisone isn't working and rash is slightly raised and red?	Rash Your rash may be pityriasis rosea which is a red itcht rash. It does not respond to hydrocortisone because the rash is caused by a fungus that lasts for 6-8 weeks. Using blue selsun hair shampoo may be helpful. Of course, a visit to a dermatologist would also help to confirm the diagnosis
323295	My 17 month old nephew has vomiting, diarrhea which is green, a fever and he will not drink anything.  I am concerned about him getting dehydrated.?	Rightly so Try to get him to take small sips of water or a rehydration solution about every 15 minutes. If he has a fever over 101.5, seems to have a lot of abdominal pain and tenderness, or stops urinating or crying tears, take him to be evaluated. You need to watch for dehydration (not peeing or crying tears) and also be alert for a possible serious cause of his symptoms that might require surgery.
6763690	I took saline laxative this morning and have had diarrhea for about 5 hours...would it be okay to take imodium  to stop the diarrhea?	Probably Depends how much saline lax you took. Imodium slows down peristalsis wherein food is pushed along the gut. Taking the saline laxative just seems like you floode everything so it all flooded out not a process by which some process was making the walls of the gut squeeze along. Imodium would quiet down that process so I don't see how it could help. Tincture of time would work fine in this situation.
6695531	Have bites all over head really dry flaky itchy, hair brittle,when ui wash it it sets something off or whatever falls off i  get really itchy ,ears, ?	SeborrheicDermatitis 45 year old female has 'bites' all over head really dry flaky itchy, hair brittle, . .. really itchy, ears? Most likely Seborrheic Dermatitis quite common in oily areas of Body: Scalp, Ears, Eyebrows, & face. Chest & Back also. Dandruff shampoos help plus many OTC lotions, creams & ointments. The Dermatologist is very familiar with these. If it not relieved see Dermatologist.
327601	My daughter is 15 and has a soft spot on the back of her head and iexperiencing head aches?	Meningomyelocele???? Contact a neurosurgeon asap. Mri is needed to make diagnosis. Surgery might correct the defect.
6695536	Right after unprotected sex w/ bf of 4 mos., broke out in itchy hives around vagina and boils on groin, buttocks, and thighs??	Unclear but the hives were likely from allergy to semen which is not specific for an individual. As for the boils, if you find pus in them, then they are likely infections such as impetigo. Consult an allergist about your allergy to seminal fluid and your doctor for the "boils". In the meanwhile, make sure that your BF is not a staph carrier and you can't abstain from sex now, condom is mandatory.
1231154	What is this pee color yellow clear bilirubin.Neg blood trace glu neg ketone neg leukocytes neg p.H. 7.0 protein neg specific gravity 1.015 urobill 02?	Urinalysis Sounds to be a quite normal result. Do you have specific concerns? Did your doctor say anything about the results? If not, then from what you have said things are normal and there is no need to be concerned.
6630872	Two days after my period ended, it started again but with heavier bleeding, bad cramps and a lot of large thick blood clots. What can cause this?	GYN Get checked for pregnancy and hormonal dysfunction: this could represent a hormonal surge causing severe breakthrough bleeding or a spontaneous abortion if not using BC.
870831	Doc had me on citalopram for anxiety i've only been on for 2 days and get sick he gave me .25 mg of xanax, i only take 1 in morning. Can i drink 2nite?	Better NOTto drink Anxiety of any kind can worsen with alcohol -- so can depression. This may not be immediate, but certainly with a hangover. Also in combination with zoloft and xanax, it's not advisable to drink alcohol at all.
1462236	Very irritated itchy vagina, starting to spread towards anus. Been using bacitracin to try and help the soreness and itchiness. No std. What is this?	Here are some ... Try: Cleansing & drying the area, apply antifungal+ steroid cream lightly 1-2 times daily for 4-6 days and see. If not improved as expected, see Dr. for further confirming what it is by reviewing detailed Hx and taking a look. Besides, never discount the power of health lifestyle without overindulgence & obsession as foundation of all healthcare and key to longevity. Best wish ...
369944	I have been having mucus in my stool for the past two months now, lower abdominal cramps and on the navel, my stool is pelleted. What can this be?	See below Problems like these can only be correctly handled by your doctor in person. He/she needs to listen to you, perform an examination and possibly run labs or other tests. That's the only way he/she can find out what's going on and what to do about it.
980039	Missed pill had unprotected sex & now 2 weeks before period is due breasts are very swollen and noticed large blue veins running down them, pregnant?	Possible Get pregnancy test done.
1239701	3 500mg tylenol 3 200mg ibuprofen 3 220mg naproxen?	Stomachache That's the concentrations i thought about while answering your question. Once again, the combination of advil and aleve can give you a belly ache. Try not to do it again, but i don't think that anything else needs to be done at this point if it was a one time thing.
1022611	Is a pimple on your penis considered a std?	Depends... Not if it's truly a pimple. But the penis is an unusual place for a pimple, so you need to be sure it isn't something else, such as herpes, syphilis, or a wart.
55988	What is a feeling of chest infection with malaise nasal congestion and with no cough phlegm breath shortness which waxes and wanes over years called?	Dyspnea is serious Your symptoms have many possibilities, from simple allergies to a failing heart. This is important for your primary doc to evaluate.
1322709	Tingly sensation in the top left hand side of my head for 6 days. Sometimes causes pain, dizziness, drowsiness and headaches. Painkillers don't work?	Migraine is a serious and complex neurologic disorder. Headache, vertigo, visual disturbances nausea, vomiting, sensitivity to light or sound, dizziness, neck pain, stomach nose bleeding and parasthesias are common symptoms. This condition must be professionally managed. Rec.: see an orofacial pain or headache specialist for evaluation to avoid unnecessary future pain and suffering.
1249537	Vaginal/abdominal pain.Occasional swelling. Severe pain at random. Endometriosis?	Pain In endometriosis is always synchronous with menstruation so random lpai.
106204	I haven't had a period since january , until 3/26/2012, and i'm bleeding real bad and having bad cramps, and I passed a blood clot this morning?	Pregnant? Did you take a pregancy tests since you are over 2 month late? You should contact your gynecologist.
570676	Doctor said that  some sensitive home pregnancy tests can pick up a positive result with an hCG level of  just 1mlu. Possible?  How?	Does it matter? Most tests pick up a bhcg of about 20. I am not sure why this is useful information though. A bhcg coubles every 48 hours. Even in the rare cicumstance where someone checks a test so early it can not detect it (say a level of 19) 48 hours later your level is high enough for detection. Home pregnancy tests are very simple and very accurate.
1288707	Month long sore throat w red bumps back of throat, and swollen tonsils. Now fatigue and nausious after eating. Began days after sex with another man.	STD Few days after sex could be from trauma but month duration and red bumps could be disease. Go see pcp for throat culture.
1195400	Any idea what these small raised bumps are that flair up after I have a bath, as you can see they go very red and itchy. Had them for a year now.	Urticaria Your symptoms are likely to be urticaria, you can treat them by taking an antihistamine 1 hour before your bath and shorten your time in the shower.
6748941	Got hit in the ankle in the inside of my foot  4 days ago and now have bruising and swelling and cant put weight on it and if i put and kind of wrap on it or shoes it start to hurt more and having pain up to my knee?	XR Probably need an XR at this point.
522735	Pea sized lump in front mid thigh, left leg.Feel it when rub into leg.Bit smaller one in same place on right leg.Bit tender.Bit blue on skin.No trauma?	See below This is one of those problems where a visit to your doctor is necessary to figure out what's going on. Only after a thorough evaluation, including examination and possibly labs and other tests, can your doctor correctly diagnose you and treat you effectively.
372545	Will my hair grow back after a skin biopsy on my head? My doctor wants to do a skin biopsy on my head, but im afraid ill have a bald spot?	It depends Depending on how the bx is performed, you may grow back your hair. For example, the bx could be done using and eliptical incision, and the skin could be pulled back together and sutured, so you would have no bald spot when it heals. You would have to discuss the procedure with the dr. To see if they can accomodate your wishes as to trying to do the best procedure to prevent a bald spot.
314200	The right part of my chest hurt when i cough , muscle aches , 3 lumps under the neck tiny but moveable and no fevers nor nose run ?	Several issues Your chest may be hurting because of strain of muscles between your ribs due to coughing. The tiny lymph nodes are probably normal and unless they enlarge, change consistency, become tender or increase in number are not likely to cause problems. Muscle aches can signal a host of illnesses, or simply be post-exercise. Need more details.
1605728	What is the best plan of action for a person suffering from cervicogenic vertigo with tinnitus and no nystagmus?	See ENT Cervicogenic dizziness will usually resolve with treatment of the neck problem but may require vestibular rehabilitation for complete resolution of symptoms. In general, the prognosis for patients with cervicogenic dizziness is good, with 75 percent of patients having improvement of symptoms. - See more at: http://vestibular.org/cervicogenic-dizziness#sthash.Ei5mi7mB.
1117340	Acl tear, p.Horn of m.Meniscus tear, early chondromalacia.Nopain during passive extension but pain extending knee for last 15 degrees against gravity?	Uncertain If you are experiencing these symptoms from recent injury, old injury, post operative repair, or non-surgical physical therapy. Acute acl injuries in your age group are usually treated surgically while the thinking regarding meniscus repair is in flux between surgical and non surgical. Older or post operative symptoms may require different approaches. Call an orthopedic surgeon.
6723187	Am trying to conceive. Period is due tomorrow, have no PMS symptoms. Not even my usual sore/tender breasts. Negative pregnancy test today. ?	Too early If your period isn't due until tomorrow, you may have simply done the test too soon. If it doesn't start or isn't normal, repeat the test this week-end to know for sure. Hope this helps and you get the result you want.
1356635	Tired, sore throat, soar and stiff neck, lump in back of neck on the right side, pain in mid upper back and mid stomach for 3 days now ... ?	Flu Seasonal flu is very common viral infection with symptoms you have described. Usually the condition resolves on its own with home care. Drink water and get a good rest. NSAIDs (e.g. Aleve) are also recommended every 6 hours. If concerned, see your PCP after 6 days or so. Take this opportunity and quit smoking.
489673	Lower left abdomen/back pain, I have interstitial cystitis, endometriosis, ibs, and pfd. The pain is unbearable, can any of these be the cause? Help:(	Any Could be All of them can cause symptoms. It is sometimes difficult to figure out which is causing symptoms at any given time. A pelvic ultrasound is the place to start since certain problems can actually be visualized. Then deciphering some of the specific other symptoms or lack of symptoms can help figure out what is happening.
764564	Rapid heart dizziness faint last 30 days. Cancer/thyroidectomy 9 years ago. Tsh 0.017 T4 free 1.22 after stopping meds 6 days ago. Overmedicated?	Low TSH Tsh is very low. Need to check the lab normals. But i think you are hyperthyroid now. Check with your doctor.
612336	I've had persistent itchy ears and throat for 3+ months. This causes me to cough, but little or no phlegm. What could be the cause?	See U r MD Need ENT evaluation and treatment!
1396453	Missed period >3wks, 2 neg pregnancy tests spotting for a wk, today a bit of blood tinged tissue it lookd like in toilet after I peed. No infection.	Missed Period Usually patients bring us questions rather than just making a statement here on Health Tap. You failed to ask a question. But it sounds like you have an irregular cycle this month and given that you bled are going to normalize like most other women who have a missed cycle.
153240	Is a deviated septum fixed through endoscopic sinus surgery?	Not really A deviated septum can be fixed during the course of endoscopic sinus surgery (ess) or on its own. It's usually fixed through a small incision in the nose for patients with nasal obstruction.
892898	Is it safe to take tramadol ir 10 to twelve hours after a phentermine?	Yes Just make sure you drink plenty of fluids.
994688	Can syphilis, gonorrhea, herpes simplex virus (i and ii), and chlamydia go unnoticed for years in an asymptomatic female?	Not likely All of them should cause some symptoms or develop into worse conditions if untreated over years please see your gyn as u can be tested to see if you have any active disease.
909546	How do I remove my pubic hair without waxing?	REMOVING PUBIC HAIR BEST WAY IS TO SHAVE IT! OR HAVE A BARBER DO THE JOB. SAFER, IN MY IPINION.
902040	My period is mildly heavy but the past couple mnths they've been spotty sometimes even light brown d/c all urine  pregnant tests neg had UTI took antibi?	Menses irregular This happens with some frequency for a wide variety of reasons, and absent other symptoms is generally not anything to be overly concerned about. If this persists and you are concerned or it occurs with other problems, go and see your gynecologist and get examined and perhaps tested. Good luck.
1353919	Low back pain, numbness, tingling in thigh, legs and feet can't stand long?	See a doctor The symptoms you describe suggest a problem in the nerve roots exiting the spinal column in the back. Is this a new problem? Are the symptoms on both sides. If so, the symptoms may indicate a serious problem. Please see your doctor for an evaluation.
870340	Headache in front/back left side of head, ear.Tiny jabs of pain (1-2). Light headed when standing. Scared I have a brain tumor. No fam history. Help!	Seek evaluation There could be many reasons for the symptoms you are describing. If they are persisting you need to be evaluated sooner rather than waiting. Recognizing that you are worried about a possible brain tumor, please know that there could be many simpler explanations, but the only way to be reassured about that is to see your doctor. They will decide about appropriate tests.
6632937	Bulge (painless, soft, <1 cm) on right side of neck when head is turn to left and neck + shoulder muscles are contracted and right arm  raised. Worry?	Painless neck bulge Neck mases always need evaluation specially in smokers or patients with family history of cancers. Havind said this many are benign anatomy findings or variation your family Doctor can help you navagate appropiate testing
721473	Nausea, delayed period, cramping on lower abdomen,  soar breast, some constipation, discharge no itching or burning no smell, and neg. Hpt.	See your doctor Please see your doctor for evaluation and to discuss treatment options. You may have several problems going on.
501319	Itching redness and burining some peeling to the penis can be what?	Many things Dry skin, eczema, psoriasis, bug bite, sun burn, contact dermatitis, allergy, fixed drug eruption, fungal infection, etc, etc. See a dermatologist if it persists.
741593	I'm just wondering, if you have lupus and sarcoidosis and you refuse treatment. How long could you live for?	It depends It depends on the organ involvement. Talk to your rheumatologist who knows your case best and he or she could give you a better estimate.
1310744	I have breast soreness and mild head aches and in place of my missed  period I had brown discharge. Could I be pregnant.	Yes You may be pregnent.
1239370	For 3 months dizziness, swollen tonsils, fatigue, tight sore feeling in my neck and jaw, blood work came back clean, throat swab clean, what's wrong?	Need 2nd opinion Time to get another perspective and work up by an ENT doctor if this is continues to rule out mono or other viral syndromes that may not show up on the swab you had done.
1364942	Would chondromalacia cause me to have pain in my knee area everyday?	It certainly could! Chondromalacia patella is one of the more common causes I see in my clinic for knee pain. At first the pain is usually sporadic, (worse with pressure on the kneecap and bending the knee) but eventually it can cause pain everyday!
6769995	CT showed mild-moderate fluid on pelvis. Having pelvic/back pain. No kidney stones. Should I be concerned? Can free fluid mean Cancer of any type?	Here are some... What might cause pelvic/back pain? To deduce its cause, more specific features of the pain and the related sequence of events + proper physical exam are essentially needed, and CT findings ordered for such have to correlate with clinical pic as deduced above. To get thing done correctly, follow instructions in http://formefirst.com/eNewsletter06.html; thereby, you gain much insight on how to...
1473137	I have a bump in the back of my mouth kinda looks like a zit that has not came to a head yet I had it on ice b4 in the same place what could it b?	Mouth Could be many things including an enlarged minor salivary gland, local trauma from your teeth or even your taste buds. Check it out with an ENT
163124	Are any methods proven to reduce snoring?	A few Avoid sleeping on back, improve nasal congestion through saline or other medications, avoid sedatives prior to sleep. Weight loss can also be very helpful. Snore guards and breathright can be helpful devices.
271934	My 1 year old has had diarrhea for 3 weeks. They took stool sample and blood work and found nothing. She had a fever for the past 3 days. Any suggesti?	Hospitalize It sounds like she is getting worse, and needs to be evaluated for dehydration.
749368	Been tired, nausea, vomiting, heavy chest, dizzy, shaky for a month now. Blood work came back fine. Any ideas?	Tired and Dizzy Call your physician and report your failure to improve. You may need a referral to a specialist or additional tests.
6710863	Help please! I have had chronic E Coli infections in my vagina since February of 2014. I am taking very high probiotics, don't douche, am monogamous with my husband, have been on antibiotics so many times last year, and it clears it, then returns right aw	Ask Dr. Susan Boyle Ask Dr. Susan Boyle; who recommends a product called Waterworks to help clean your vagina. It safely removes irrigants and odor and has helped thousands of women to have health lives again.
1522666	Itching, and rashing legs, thighs, arms, stomach, itching in genitals. Extremely itchy at night! What's going on?	Scabies Scabies is generally diagnosed by the history and appearance of the skin, confirmed with a skin scraping and microscopic examination. Scabies live under the skin of any part of the body, usually spots that are protected (in skin folds, under the waist band, etc.). Hopefully this is not the case, but is certainly a possibility!
408911	Am i pregnant? The first day of my last period was april the 8th and im not a regular birth control taker like I should be, but im also not very sexually active. This past weekend although i was active and according to a fertility chart i just looked at,	Hello. Hello. I am not sure what the wed gooey mucus is. Sometimes when the embryo implants in the wall of the uterus, there can be some blood (spotting). Spotting is often pink or it can be brown. Do not know if you are pregnant. If you don't get your period on time, recommend taking a home pregnancy test. The early pregnancy test can be taken prior to that. Take care.
905060	Whenever i sit continous for a long time then i get numbness tingling in my arms legs and stifness tightness in head or face..Plz please  tell what to do?	Walk around You should try walking around every 30 minutes or so to get your blood flowing. Try not to stay seated continuously for a long period of time, try stretching your legs out and moving your arms if you aren't able to get out of your chair.
323032	My wife is 51 and very healthy non smoker . She has had extreme fatigue , blood in urine, localized left flank pain. Ct scan was neg for kidney stones?	Infection or tumor The most likely reason is infection of the kidney. ..Your doctor will check the urine and prescribe antibiotics. A less likely reason is a tumor in the kidney or nearby. This may need a urologists help. It could still be a kidney stone that was not seen on the ct, which also needs a urologists help.
1320645	Have had face locking up & going numb. Weakness of arms and legs. Also had my heart beat slowing (new symptom) Any idea what this is?	Serious Those are potentially very serious symptoms. Low serum calcium, multiple sclerosis, tetanus and rabies could do this. Hopefully you don't have anything so serious. I think you really ought to see your doctor or go to an ER for evaluation today. Good luck.
6708777	I have very horrible sharp pain and bleeding during bowel movements. Like passing razor blades. My obgyn says I don't have hemorrhoids, what can I do?	Find the cause to cure Speak to your family doctor who will refer you to a GI specialist , for further tests and treatment , to find other causes for your problem
6711728	Does a CT scan rule out brain aneurysm? 6 months pain behind right ear and upper neck with dizziness/blurred vision. CT normal. What to do next?	Ct-scan MRI.
6769197	Cause of diarrhea, vomiting and fever? 
In 12 hrs. Diarrhea every 30 min. Vomiting just when I eat not when I drink.(Gatorade)Fever is from 99 to 102	You may have A virus. ...sometimes they are 24 hours sometimes a day or two longer....
1600317	Had treatment for h pylori but stomach pains bloating constipation heartburn and gas havnt been retested yet but is it normal to still have symptoms ?	Yes Symptoms can take 4 weeks or so to improve. I usually retest heliobacter Ag in stool 1 month after treatment and you can take an acid blocker or proton pump inhibitor like prilosec for symptoms. Failure of treatment can happen and a different treatment would be recommended. Also reinfection can occur.. Additionally there could be another problem like gallstones or lactose intolerance
1079144	Raised mole on shoulder.Pinched it n piece of black skin broke off. Scratched with nail it bled and now the mole is flat.Nodular melanoma? 20yo guy	Need for examination It is not feasible to provide a meaningful opinion without examining the lesion. It may need to be removed and examined by a pathologist. Please see your doctor.
1386580	I caught hand foot and mouth disease from my daughter. I have blisters on head, face, torso, foot, hands, and I'm getting more. Normal?	Mostly normal Blisters from hand, foot, and mouth disease are commonly found in all places that you mentioned except for possibly your torso and face. Here's some more info from the CDC: http://www.cdc.gov/hand-foot-mouth/about/signs-symptoms.html. If you're at all concerned that you have a different or additional infection, you should see your doctor. Best wishes!
488725	Took fluconazole 150mg 36 hours ago for yeast infection and had sex 24 hours (hurt bad) and my vagina is still burning! how long til it gets better?	Wait a few days Fluconazole works very well for yeast infections but, remember, the area is very irritated from the infection itself. Although the yeast may be dead, the vaginal area needs a few days to heal before everything is back to normal.
1222655	There is a reccuring pimple on back in between shoulder blades.. The person is on antibiotics for STD could this be the cause?	Probably not related If it keeps recurring have him see his doctor.
488721	I have elevated liver enzyme ast(sgot)412 ALT (sgpt) 317  GGT 186 dilation of the common bile duct 1 CM no gallbladder?	Many possibilities There r many possibilities, this could be primary liver problem, drug reaction, retained stone, blockage of bile duct etc. Gi consult is warranted.
396211	Am i pregnant? Had sex on christmas, two periods since, last week breasts tender, nausea, and frequent urination.	Even Even though the most common symptom of pregnancy is a missed period, some women will continue to have some spotting or bleeding throughout the first trimester. If you are concerned that you might be pregnant, you should take a test. You can either take a home pregnancy test as long as it has been 5- 6 weeks since your last normal period, or you can go see your doctor and they can test you. A home pregnancy test is 97% accurate if taken a week or more after the missed period. A blood test can tell if you are pregnant as soon as 7 days after conception and a doctor's urine pregnancy test can tell if you are pregnant around when you next period should come. Good luck!
574956	My left rib breast bone underneath, burns an goes away, comes back, feels like fluid of some kind, and i  feel gurgling in stomach.. What is it?	See your doctor It is unclear whether this feeling is coming from your heart or gastrointestinal tract. You should have it checked out.
1605189	Can you get a yeast infection when you stop taking an anti-biotic that you have taken for a couple months? (Sulfamethaxole for acne)	Yes definitely, yeast infection can occur after antibiotic use
6753818	I've got a swollen leg with a painful calf from back off knee. Calf is starting too bulge. Am taking Naprosyn ec 500 mg with Furosemide 20 mg?	May be a big problem There are different possible causes for this. A blood clot in the deep vein needs treatment right away. So does a problem with the blood supply to the lower leg and foot. An infection or injury to the muscles can also cause it and needs treatment also. Go to the nearest ER tonight to start the evaluation and begin appropriate treatment if necessary.
1356246	How can I tell the difference between having a heart attack or an anxiety attack?  I have been having pain in chest and back...just to name a few	See your PCP Anxiety can often present like a heart attack and many people end up in the ER because they don't know. It can be very frightening, but the only way to know for sure is to be checked by a doctor. If your heart is fine, you may want to consider the level of stress in your life or if anything in particular is worrying you, large or small. Talking to a professional can help you figure this out.
1087192	What can occur if i took 2 Benadryl and a zyrtec to help sleep before a big day?	Too much med I don't think it is a good idea as it is too much antihistamine. I will recommend you discuss it with your doctor or allergist.
1595090	I tested negative for Chlamydia and Gonorrhea and took Azithromycin on 12/24 evening, how long does it take for dysuria symptoms to resolve? Thanks!	Pain w urination Symptoms should improve within 36-48 hours. If yours persist, recommend you see your dr or go to an urgent care center for evaluation.
1032792	Help! my doctor say excessive ejaculation/masturbation increases hormone levels & DHT production in body which cause baldness in me.Depressed  ?	Misinformation This is silly. You're twenty years old and your hormones are raging, regardless of what you do. All men lose the hair on their temples at or near age 20; if you're hairy-chested, this will progress naturally unless you choose to treat it. Mr. Statham (photo) isn't bothered by it. Do right by yourself, stop believing foolish tales and enjoy your male prime to get physically fit.
916990	I have a really bad sore throat it hurts a lot to swallow and talk and I have no white patches on my throat and my nose is a bit congested what can ido?	Sore throat No white patch means- no oral thrush. You may have viral or bacteria infection and see your doctor for quick strep throat test and mono test. In the mean while gargle with cepacol mouth wash four times a day & take one cepacol lozenges four times a day till you see your doctor. Hope you feel better. Good luck.
1437799	Mild, lower abdominal cramps for 4 weeks, mood swings, lathargic and had period week ago. Negative pregnancy test. What could this be please?	Many things... Persistent cramping pain and lethargy can be seen in many conditions. The list would depend on your age. High on my list in a young women, would be an infection in the uterus or bladder. In an older women, I would add the possibility, though not common, of a cancer. Your symptoms are persistent so you should get them checked out. Best wishes!
636644	Age21, male. Get chest pain that goes when sitting down after lifting weights / running. Had ecg, 24h holter, exercise stress test, echo. All normal?	Sounds muscular! With all the tests and your age, it must be weight training related. Muscles tighten after exercise. There are many muscles in the upper chest area that can do this. Take an aleve several hours before working out, and see if improves or lessened.
1183242	I've had a pain in my breast for two weeks that feels like a sore, burning pain under my nipple  when i make certain movements. See doctor or wait?	No mass? If you cannot feel any swelling or mass in your breast, and it is just a pain, then i would probably wait until you've finished your next period, and if it's still there at that point, i'd see a doctor. If you feel a mass, or if there are any visible skin changes, see a doctor now.
6729473	I woke up weak and numb on left side of body can still walk and move but Sharp pains all over. Been 14hrs now  should I be concerned? MRI in 2wks MS?	Sounds serious It might be a stroke. If these are new symptoms, you need to go to the ER, ASAP. However, I am confused on what is meant by "mri in 2 wks ms?" If you already have an MRI ordered, how did you come to have it ordered? If you have been having these type symptoms for a while and they ordered the MRI because of these symptoms then you need to contact whoever ordered your MRI to let them know.
1260725	I would like to know if the stiffness all over is from diabetes and meds plus having arm pain and chest on left side with numbness and tingling?	I don't think One can assume that all of these complaints are as a result of diabetes. Each issue you list needs to be taken into consideration along with your other medical history, activity level and any other medical issues you have along with an exam. I would recommend an evaluation by your treating doctor.
1252415	Please explain what does a feeling of numbness and tingling in my left finger tips means?	See neurologist It depends which finger and what brings the tingling on. ..If it is the 2nd, 3rd digit numbness, it may be carpal tunnel or ulanr neuropathy if the 4th and fifth... It may come from a pinched nerve in the neck if you shooting pains from the neck down to a specific area. Or it may be from a more spreadout proces involving damage to the nerve endings. Best to see neurologist.
965829	If you have lesion in thecal sac at L4 and weakness in muscles of neck w/ spasms of right neck muscle, and feeling of pressure in vessels of neck, plus weakness at neck base, could it all be related?	Unlikely L4 is in low back lumbar area. This would not affect the neck. You need to see your physician and then get this clarified.
676136	Pain in right ear and right side of throat - went away, swollen bumps on back right side of head and neck. ?	?? lymph nodes?? These may be swollen lymphatic nodes that drain debris from the areas that were infected. They may take longer to resolve. If not improved within several weeks please consult with your provider.
1189675	I've had a 3 month testicle ache. Ultrasound found nothing. I do not have chlamydia or gonorrhea. Could it be a groin pull? A hernia?	Understand but... Practically, all your tests in your clinical scenario are optional and unnecessary if the quality and quantity of pain as well as the sequence of events are inquired properly, and physical exam on inguinal canal, the scrotum and its contents are performed correctly. For the time being, please focus on collecting the above ANS see a trustworthy professional, who should be able to explain what ...
1159440	Had botox for TMJ spasms month ago. I know botox weas off, but is it possible that it'll give muscles chance to heal & effects can b more longterm?	Not likely by itself If the Botox helps you get comfortable and the underlying cause of the muscle spasms can be addressed, a long term solution may be achievable. Otherwise, the Botox will likely need to be re-administered.
746013	How long is it supposed to it take for a bee/hornet sting to make the swelling go back to normal?	Sting In uncomplicated situations - there is usually fairly good resolution within 72 hours.
1480925	Lying on back bringing bent knee 2chest causes a big popping sensation every time in area where leg meets body.and hips feel very tight. Why?	Loose ligaments Twenties female who experiences popping sensation with hip flexion experiences subluxation of sacroiliac joint (SIJ). This might be common in someone who has chronic SIJ ligament injury and laxity, or in someone with Joint Hypermobility Syndrome, in which case the Brighton Criteria might be referenced.
331523	Painful swelling of mrs.Rajashree mohantys legs from knee joints to feet(both legs)
the disease started first with cellulitis of left leg about 6to 7?	What's the cause ? Cellulitis is basically a visible inflammation (itis) of the skin and soft tissues (red, hot, swollen and tender) . It can be caused by many things including sunburn (radiation), trauma (sprained ankle) or poor vein circulation (stasis dermatitis). It need not be caused by bacteria. If you have repeated episodes of this, get to a wound care or vascular specialist, the diagnoses you have is wrong.
1379662	Have pain in left leg,started in calf now in thigh. had ultrasound today doc says no dvt,blood cloth. what else could it be? no injury	Pain in one leg Can be something like an abscess or skin/muscle infection, can be tendonitis, can be cystic structure. It would be important to see what the ultrasound did find as opposed to what it did not find. Typically if not improving with anti-inflammatory or pain medication need to explore other options.
1387981	I have mild yeast infection. I cannot use Monistat. Do I have to see my doctor for Diflucan? Is there another over-the-counter that may agree with me?	Well... LOTRIMIN vaginal is available and gentle and effective
1409439	I just got diagnosed with uterine fibroids and I am 37 no kids . Had miscarriage 4 yrs ago and the dr told me to do open myomectomy surgery?	Avoid all dairy 100 % (100%!!!!). If overweight, reduce to 'trim' = 26-7 ' waist in a 5'5' woman. HRS, MD, FACC. www.thepmc.org
1379669	Period is 2.5 weeks late. i feel dizzy,nauseous, headaches,increased appetite. 2neg HPTs. bloated, full stomach, constipated. never had unprotectedsex?	Delayed ovulation. You has a delay in ovulation. Give it another week. If you don't start, check another test. If it is negative, contact your GYN.
798145	History of ovarian cysts , 2 weeks ago i began having bad abdominal pain and lower back pain a week ago it got worse including sharp pains in my head dizziness nausea and lethargy ... Any ideas?	See an OB/GYN And do this quickly. You need to be examined, diagnosed and managed appropriately. Good luck.
1358711	Can bloating cause abdominal itching without rash? Intermittent pressure along right side. Occasional hot iron feeling prodding me when coughing.	Itching without rash Certainly swelling can cause a sensation of itching. The fact that you are experiencing a hot prodding sensation with a cough might indicate a possible hernia. Please seek consultation with your doctor
1500225	GI problem seem cause my sore throat, throat clearing, feeling of lump in throat, difficulty breathing & swallow. Can it cause severe chest pain too?	Yes In fact acid reflux and spasm of the esophagus can cause severe chest pains that may be confused with heart attack.
1555024	I've taken flonase, allegra, and Mucinex as prescribed for 4 days and my symptoms seem to be getting worse. What should I do?	Time to Ant Add antibiotic. ....you will be ok. Hope you had a flu shot.
1441015	16 weeks after unprotected sex , negative blood and urine test for pregnancy. doctors said normal discharge. 3 day period. Light bleeding. Prego ?	Unlikely At 16 weeks a pregnancy test would definitely be positive and would be unnecessary since an exam would easily show a pregnancy and fetal heart tones would be audible with doppler.
901047	Pain/aches around my knee area and rib. Scared i might have bone cancer! what are my chances of getting any type of cancer?	Stop worrying Cancer is an uncommon illness especially in the younger years(< 50 years of age). So you should wait to worry! aches and pains like what you have, are common. Unless these get progressively worse, i would not worry but shift your attention to a more active life style like daily walks which will strengthen your muscles and joints . This might give you more energy and a positive attitude too.
1441010	4 days ago little wierd acnes started to appear on my neck , underarm down to chest and belly area , they're not painful only a little bit itchy !	Not typical for acne Sounds like a skin inflammation: dermatitis- try over the counter 5-10% hydrocortisone cream- if not improving within 3 days see your doctor.
381347	Itchy stomach, itchy and sore nipples and breast, nausea but no throwing up.Severe headaches, cold symptons, dizziness, blurry vision fatigue, back pain.Have 3 kids, got tubal ligation 7 yrs ago, still get my period every month, mood swings.Please help	You You have quite a number of symptoms. It's difficult to say if they are all related or represent different issues. If you are concerned about pregnancy (not sure if that is your question) the only way to know is to have testing done. This can be done at home or in your doctor's office. Iud's are not 100% effective, so this is a possibility, although small. Regardless, all the above stated symptoms warrant investigation. This would be a good time to have your annual physical exam by your primary care provider, or a routine office visit if you had a physical already in the past year. You may be suffering from high blood pressure, thyroid problem, hormonal imbalance, diabetes, or anemia. The list goes on. The only way to find out is to have a thorough medical evaluation. Good luck.
1114279	Slight stomach ache for past 3 days. Slight nausea but no vomiting. Took plan b, had a light week-long period 3 weeks ago. Pregnancy symptom or no?	Maybe Plan b is quite effective if taken within 3 days of intercourse, though it can cause some irregular bleeding. Though the chance of pregnancy is low, check a pregnancy test if you are concerned. Or wait another week and see if the next period comes.
1161699	4 year strong pain after sex, bloated symptoms of uti/kidney infection. No abnormalities on tests+scans on bladderkidneys, uterus, urine? Is endometrios?	See answer 4 year hx of symptoms indicative of a chronic problem. Possibilities include: endometriosis, chronic pid, uterine abnormality, or very likely a chronic "pain syndrome" such as interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome (urinary urgency, frequency, bladder discomfort) or chronic pelvic pain syndrome which can be a symptom of another disease, or it can be a condition in its own right.
6701799	Can I use Benadryl, ventolin inhaler and fluticasone nose spray at the same time?	Yes They can be used together.
650555	I've had no period for 3 months, crampy heartburn discharge now bumps on my breasts which are sore as well?	Hmmm Are you pregnant? Have you taken a pregnancy test?
1039045	What's the best way to treat knee pain? I had arthroscopic surgery april of 2012 and now my knees are bothering me now than they every did before.	Varies It is not normal for a 28 year old to have chronic knee pain, so the bigger question is the specific diagnosis. It is only after knowing this that your options can be determined. Consider a thorough evaluation and appropriate work up for your condition.
650552	If a teen is on phenabarital for sleep could it be hard to wake him after only 2 hours of taking eyes were in back of head shallow breathing?	Sleeping AIDs Phenobarbital induces not only sleep but it can supress breathing as well. Phenobarbital can also alter bloo dpressure and heart rate as well. I would be concern about overdosing of phenobarbital.
1405443	Sudden pain in pelvic area left side.pelvic ultrasound, urine test normal.22 years female.pain does move to right sexually not active..never had sex.	Need to see a doctor The female pelvis is a crowded area. Besides uterus and ovaries, there is bowel, appendix, bones, muscles and more. If the pain is not better or getting worse, you should go to the ER.
694828	What is causing my dizziness? 2 months straight every day I am constantly dizzy, not lightheaded. Had clean mri. No headaches or hearing/sight loss.	Many causes There are many causes of dizziness. Commonly, these symptoms are related to inner ear dysfunction which is most often caused by inflammation of the nerves which help us keep our balance. Typically, this will get better on its own. There are some causes of dizziness which are more serious and since your symptoms have been present for 2 months, it is a good idea to see your personal doctor.
6699541	Had TKR 5 mo ago. Swelling appeared laterally and above the knee. Not hot or red. Is it a cause for concern?	Knee swelling Watch for redness and fever. Some swelling is normal. Watch if it increases and see the doctor
1080178	I have really itchy feet. 37 weeks pregnant worse at night time sometimes small raised lumps but no rash most of the time. Should i be worried? Thanks	Not sure While it does not sound like you have anything serious, i would see a dermatologist who can make a diagnosistreatment plan.
559856	I have a small pea sized bump under the skin on the bottom of my foot. It comes and goes doesn't hurt. Itches sometimes?	Cyst It is most probably a small cyst or fibroma.
1453108	Cramps, 3days brown spotting, bloating, nausea, heartburn, gas. Nvr evr have symptoms w/periods. Unprotected sex &missed 3 bc pills midpack wk&1/2 ago?	Pregnancy test Go see a doctor, if pain occurs or cramping, go to ER
47857	I had 2 screws in my femur and after surgery was given a fibre back slab that caused an abraison in my hips, is it okay to just use a knee immobiliser?	Check with your surg The only person who can advise you is your surgeon. Do not hesitate to ask as you want to protect and care for your body.
380526	What type of birth control should I use? I've tried a bunch of different birth control pills and i've experienced bad side effects. Lack of libido, acne, depression, and yeast infections. Is there a reliable non-hormonal type of birth control? I've had 2	Perhaps Perhaps you can look into a intrauterine device. There is a brand that is made of copper that does not contain hormone. The material in the copper makes the moist uterine environment poisonous to sperm, and sperm are unable to survive, preventing conception. Iuds can be placed by your doctor as a short, outpatient sterile procedure. The procedure takes less than 10 minutes and minimal pain is associated. It is a small device that is placed in your uterus and most iuds can be in place for 5-10 years. After the procedure, you may experience cramping and vaginal spotting. Ask your doctor about a copper iud.
6721600	Allergies,  post nasal drip, occasionally stuffy nose with clear and sometimes bloody mucus. Sore throat and pressure/headaches on forehead.Sinusitis?	Could Be or upper respiratory tract infections. Gargle with warm saline, plenty of fluids .Take decongestants and see your doctor
965963	No period prolactin level high family doctor said due to a tumor releasing it i didn't say i'm sexually active will that affect the medicine prescribe?	No Your physician, like you, is an adult. However, a prolactinoma (or high prolactin in any case) is serious business and i'd urge you to get with an endocrinologist when you are able.
76646	I have sinus congestion and dried mucous symtoms which appears to get worse when taking 10 mg of lisinoprel for my blood pressure. Suggestions ?	Lisinopril dry nose. Try nasal saline solution, or hydrate nostrils with vaseline or perroleum jelly.
264466	Can a woman in her late 40s still get endometriosis, and can it cause pains to radiate all the way to the sides of the abdomen and lower back?	Yes Yes, yes, and yes - although it's much less common to make a first diagnosis in the late 40s. Remember endometriosis can only be diagnosed with certainty by surgery, either laparoscopy or (less often) laparotomy.
400851	Mono I have had mono for a few weeks now and I have been excused from school. I still have the mono and everything, but my doctor says it is safe to attend school. I just wanted to know if it was considered okay from other doctors.	Hello. Hello. Normally people with mononucleosis (mono) do not need to be isolated or quarantined from others. Most often mono is spreab through a person's saliva. It is called the kissing disease because it can be transmitted this way as well as sharing food or drinks with people or using the same utensils. There is also a possibility of transmitting the disease if someone breathes in the droplets that you have coughed or sneezed out of your body. It can take 4 to 8 weeks from your initial infection until you have symptoms. You can spread mono not only when you are infected, but up to several weeks (sometimes months) after you no longer have symptoms. Now, if you are physically feeling up to it, then returning to school is ok. But, you don't want to be doing vigrous sports (especially contact sports) for possibly three months due to concerns about rupturing your spleen (if it was enlarged). You want to cough into a kleenex and you don't want to be kissing anyone or let people eat or drink off your food. Hope you feel better soon.
76640	I woke with a swollen armpit / lymph node on my right arm. I've noticed its been tender for a while but it just now became hard. What is this?	See a Dr Likely to have lymph node enlargement there. Even though some benign diseases like hidradenitis suppurativa or other affect that area, cancer is a concern either lymphomas, hodgkin, even fron chest, breast, lung.
1068332	Cut myself with a kitchen knife on tuesday. Yesterday i woke up with sore throat and difficultyswallowing, today stiffness in jaw do I have tetnaus or another infection from the cut?	Go to ER now Yes, you may have tetanus. Call an ambulance and go to the er now. Do not try to drive yourself. Best wishes.
1223213	I had tooth extraction by dentist last week. Still I am having continuous pain whole of my jaw, cheek, ear and head.Is there possibility of infection?	Post operative Infection is a possibility but there are other causes that need to be considered. Tooth removal can also change your bite and effect chewing muscles and actions of the jaw joint. Your list of symptoms fit this scenario. Please return to the surgeon for a post operative evaluation as soon as possible. Good luck!
620211	Axillary lymph node dissection 2008/ lumpectomy, then bi-lateral mastectomy. The left side still painful at the site of sentinel. Is this normal?	No See a pain management specialist to examine for neuroma, trigger point or recurrant primary disease.
1486770	Cardiologist said heart is healthy.PCP found no other cause to my chest pain.Age 28,no fam hist.Norm EKG,Stress,ECHO,HM.Re check heart?concerned.	No need for now. Since your PCP and Cardiologist , after doing the appropriate evaluation told you that your heart is fine, no need to worry about your heart. Chest pain can be caused from rib pain, stomach, indigestion or muscular . Majority of patients that go ER for chest pain is not cardiac.
1452711	Smelly urine no burning/pain when peeing but vagina itches & hurts to wipe w/toilet paper like its cutting me down there im 13 weeks preg what's wrong?	Be checked out ... Be checked out if you have UTI, BV, or others by gyn-doc or dedicated PCP ASAP, especially while in pregnancy. Meanwhile, bring the info on the onset, degree, duration, and progress of all related symptoms over time to Doc for analysis, physicals, and tests as needed so to deduce possible Dx for reasonable Rx / care. Best wish ...
1262860	Rare sleeping disorder on celexa 4 deprs. Been on multiple sleep meds. None work. Wake in up 5+times a night.  Clxa culd be reasn but only ad thatwor?	Not Celexa. Have you had a sleep study? It might help clarify what causes your sleep problem. Try sleep hygiene as well. Do not do any work or read in bed, use it only for sleep, do not watch tv in bed, or watch stimulating movies before you go to bed. Try listening to music or a relaxation tape. There is a yoga technique with breathing they describe as "darth vader" type of breathing.
1516881	Do I need hysterectomy : I have Abnormal vaginal bleeding for 4 months, I am diagnosed with uterine fibroids; then I had D&C cleaning.	Maybe Hysterectomy is one option for treatment of abnormal bleeding due to fibroids. The other options include surgical removal of fibroids, embolizationof fibroids by an interventional radiologist,ultrasound ablation of the fibroids by an interventional radiologist,and endometrial ablation.The size, number, and location as well as other health factors determine the best treatment for you.
6614094	TMJ left side. i go 2Dentist regularly-Dull left ear/jaw/cheek ache @ times.  TMJ or something serious? Had unknown HPV type in 2005. Cancer? no lumps	TMJ Sounds like TMJ. See a TMJ expert for advice. Any dentist can be a TMJ expert with the proper training and experience. Most commonly, oral surgeons, prosthodontists, and orofacial pain specialists. Ask your MD, your dentist and your dental society for referrals.
1372170	F/46:UTI took macrobid.Saw urologist,CT scan w/ & w/o contrast,cystoscopy,retested urine,still have blood and WBC. How can this be since views normal?	More info needed Blood in the urine is not normal and needs to be explained. UTI is one of many possible causes, and if a urine culture shows no infection, we look for other causes. A CT negative for stones and normal cystoscopy do not eliminate the possibility that the problem may be originating in the kidney. Your urologist can help sort this out.
1480430	If you were having sexual intercourse using a condom and after some time the you cant find de condom? Can the condom got stuck in the uterus/womb?	No The condom can't get into the uterus but it can come off in the vagina. If it does, then you have lost the protection against pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases. It is a good idea to grasp the condom around the penis when withdrawing and pull it out attached. If you have a condom break or come of at midcycle, that is what emergency contraception is designed for.
89671	If II want to have a drink otr two & am exclusively breast feeding, what is a good way to go about it to where my baby wont get alcohol from my milk?	Alcohol in breast Alcohol is metabolized at the rate of 1 oz/hr. Use that as a guide to figure out how far from breast feeding you could drink.
1046257	Will eating melatonin before sleep every night (1mg sublingual) affect my testosterone levels? Because i really can't fall asleep and i need it.	No It will not affect testosterone.
526738	On occasion when i go to the bathroom i notice blood. I haven't had a period for a while and i'm not sexually active. Why is my anus bleeding?	Hemorrhoid? Hemorrhoid and anal fissure are common reasons for anorectal bleeding. Have your md evaluate it for proper diagnosis.
530934	I have a totally dead arm with numbness tingling and sharp shooting pains from my shoulder to my fingers?	Stroke? If you have never had this before and your arm really is dead (can't move it). You need to call 911 immediately. This sounds like a stroke and every minute counts.
6713349	Bloated and slight dizziness what could it be? I do eat enough and blood pressure is pretty normal.Only been bloated during period but not on period.	Bloated and dizzy May have reflux. Try a trial of ranitidine and prevecid and see if it makes a difference.May be sinusitis from food intolerances like milk ,so avoid milk products for a week and see if there is a difference,. Also check HCG, thyroid hormone, and if all negative .consider CT check for abdominal, lymph node ovary lesion.
1160877	I have been on the Depo-Provera shot since nov. 25 and about two days ago i started bleeding, the coloring is dark. I also have bad cramps. Is this normal?	Yes The number one side effect of the depo shot is irregular and unpredictable bleeding and often it is slight spotting of old dark blood. That is very normal.
356087	Symptoms of lower left back pain, pain during urinating, CT scan showed nothing except enlarged left ovary. Could it be from ovulation? Or cancer?	Yes Any of above but would also think about a kidney stone.
183241	What is herpes simplex type 1, IgG antibody?  Genital or oral?	Usually oral Herpes infections are described as type i (oral /cold sores)or type ii(genital). However, either type can cause affect either location. Igg antibody detected by a blood test. & indicates one has been exposed to the virus at least several weeks prior &possibly much longer- as in years. Most people who have HSV antibody have no idea that they have herpes.
1464156	Can stress cause dizziness and nausea and missed period? (I'm not pregnant, I took 7 tests and all were negative)	Yes but Need a physical exam to rule out other possible causes
1299294	Can you tell me what number of hours to take melatonin before sleep?	Melatonin Right before bedtime. Take Melatonin & lay down.
35732	Are aspirin, acetaminophen and ibuprofen equally good at preventing heart attacks?	No Heart attacks are typically a result of platelets sticking together and blocking an artery in the heart. Aspirin blocks the platelets ability to stick together decreasing the chance that a blockage (heart attack) will occur. For this reason, Aspirin is one of the most effective medicines ever discovered for the prevention of heart attacks. Neither tylenol or Ibuprofen has this effect.
1197324	My knees just went burning hot and itchy fr around 5 minutes and its never happened before. They were very red? Any ideas?	Best to see a doc Red indicates inflammation. So it's time to see your doctor, and get an answer. Burning is coming from the inflammation. You need to get to the cause, and your doctor will know what to do.
35735	Can I take an Advil for headache after taking a low dose aspirin?	Probably You can combine Aspirin and Ibuprofen but they are both harsh on the stomach. Take it with food.
6690117	Warm head+neck feeling, also to the touch.No fever.Forehead+neck sweats. Feeling pressure in head+neck.Comes in pulses .Tolerate heat worse than othrs	Need more info Hi, it is not clear what your question is. Please feel free to elaborate so we can better help you.
1274809	My 10 yr old daughter has a salter harris type 2 finger fracture by the base of finger/hand. (pinky finger) & she keeps losing circulation. Why?	Splinted? Is your daughter's fracture been splinted?How do u know she's losing circulation to the finger?If u feel she is call your ors ( or whoever is on call for him) right away and explain situation or go to the er.Check w/ surgeon before loosening the splint bandage . This is something that needs examination quickly . Best of luck!
1190808	I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia in 2005. Now, I have got severe blurred vision in the left eye, numbness in limbs, dizziness, a little incontinece and memory loss. What should I do?	See details These are all unrelated to fibromyalgia with the possible exception of the memory issues. I hope you are not currently taking 3 antidepressants that all work in a similar fashion because medication side effects may account for many of your issues.
6728409	There is a numb spot on my right thigh for years and that entire leg has a tendency of falling asleep ("pins and needles"). Is this  a pinched nerve?	Possibly numbness pins and needles specific for neuropathy possibly compression neuropathy . get evaluated compression only one of many types of neuropathy but symptoms point to a nerve issue entire leg distribution atypical for one nerve pinch also no pain is atypical for nerve pinch
651687	I had unprotected sex about a month ago now I have a brown red discharge from my vagina I have had my period done a pregnancy test which came back neg?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
721040	I had panic attack about a week ago. Yesterday i felt heart palpations and lost my breath but only last for a minute. Anxiety or heart problem?	Most likely anxiety It was most likely anxiety but you might want to get a check up for possible heart poblems.
6644918	I'm 30 years old my mam has had breast cancer. I had a cyst in 2013 had it removed now I have 27cm septated cyst in right ovary swollen belly neusea ?	Breast ovarian CA Sometimes breast cancer and ovarian can be inherited. Mom having breast cancer at an age less than 50 can increase chances of breast or ovarian cancer in the daughters . BRCA mutation is famous for this. As your complaint and the cyst , this needs to be addressed by a gynecologist right away. Ovarian cysts are frequent findings , but this size is concerning. It can give rise to pain, and nausea
1247026	Green gooey vaginal discharge (like snot), full STD test (swabs, blood) all came back clear. What could be causing this?	Vaginal discharge Sound like you have a bacterial vaginal infection. Have your doctor reculture you.
1209802	I'm bruising easily i constantly am tired even with sleep I have a persistent head ache and am very dizzy all the time i also have sore in my mouth?	Need evaluation Mouth sore and other symptoms may or may not be related. You must see both your dentist and your physician for evaluations to determine cause(s) of your symptoms.
1037751	Will a cat scan of my head rule out MS or a brain tumor better than mri? Had one before but am having another one due to vertigo.Im 18.Am i in danger?	MRI Mri is more sensitive for detecting subtle abnormalities such as ms or small tumors. Preferrably an MRI with contrast. You should discuss with a neurologist before getting the scan.
1094849	Nose congested when sneezed or breathing pain in chest 7-8 on pain scale also might have a sore throat dry cough  hist:htn pcos zestoretic provera?	Need evaluation Your symptoms require urgent care or er evaluation.
511734	I only get 2-3 hours of sleep a night. My meds are: concerta, celexa, depakote, ortho tri-cyclen lo, and solodyn. Recommendations for better sleep?	Insomnia Not sure of the dosages & the timing of taking those medications. Your prescribing doctor is the best to consult.
916462	50p sized, swollen feeling, red, raised area on skin(back of leg)with dry patch in the middle.Dry patch slightly itchy, border of  bump uneven, what is it?	Cannot know Hard to tell without seeing it. Could be a tick bite, or many other possibilities. See a medical doctor to have it checked.
1010291	Mri states severe bilateral neural foraminal encroachment with L4 and L5 nerve root compression . Have had esi no help severe pain gait and motoring issues.Spinal surgeon says see neurologist what sho?	EMG Look for another source of your pain if esi didnt affect your pain at all then image annormality unlikely scource need objective confirmation of theory that image abnormality is causing your pain if you are weak some where . Emg can provide this confirmation confirm which nerve root or nerve is causing weakness not as good a test for pain or numbness see the neurologist for the emg.
916466	I had unprotected sex about 5 days ago. I am experiencing breast tenderness, nausea, and i get sick at the smell of food. Could i be pregnant?	See my notes Do you know where were you in your menstrual cycle? Symptoms don't appear within 5 days if fertilization took place. I f you can afford it , buy a dip-stick pregnancy test from a drugstore and check it for peace of mind alternative seek help at planned parenthood facility in your town.
262530	I have ovarian cyst on both ovaries and fibroid tumors ..I'm in serious pain... All the time .. Stomach severely bloated is this normal?	No It's hard to tell how much pain your ovarian cysts and fibroids cause. An ultrasound exam should be able to tell how big they are and if they are causing any symptoms. If you have period irregularities, big unyielding cysts and large fibroids and not planning to have children or more children, you may talk to you obgyn about possible removal of your uterus/ovaries, but not before a thorough exam.
755140	Should i get tested for diabetes? I have yeast infection for over 3 months. Small amount of blood in urine.  Tired all the time please helpme! thank u	Yes Yes, you should follow up with your doctor who will then test you for diabetes and other conditions.
1430307	I sprayed my weeds I inhaled the bleach and no I have shortness of breath, burning throat, and chest and back pain?	Inflammation Acute inhalation of this kind can irritate or inflame the inner lining of your bronchial tree. Treatment is largely supportive, but if symptoms do not go away within 24 hours you should seek out a physician who has the means of measuring your oxygen saturation with a pulse oximetry device as well as a chest x-ray. Hope you feel better very soon!
529828	When i cough my neck hurts anad so does my chest. I also have a fever, a sore throat and a runny nose. What could this be?	Need more info From what & how you describe it, it is likely a respiratory tract infection. This can be viral or bacterial (or fungal sometimes), and can be of the larger airways (bronchitis) or lower airways (pneumonia). You should seek medical evaluation if symptoms have been present for more than 2-3 days, or are worsening.
284845	Sore breast, blue veins. Could it be sign of breast cancer ?	Mondor's? My first guess is that if the veins are prominent, it's mondor's and benign. Please do visit your physician now.
105840	What do you feel during an angiogram?	Depends If it is of the lower legs you may feel some mid discomfort in the legs as the contrast is going through the blood vessels. In the pelvis you may feel a slight burning sensation. In other locatons you will likely not feel very much if anything at all. Sedation is usually given during the exam to make you overall more relaxed and comfortable. The whole process should have little discomfort.
1174123	What to do, my wife is experiencing pain and nausea during her menstrual period..She was diagnosed with a endometriosi?	Many options Many forms of temporary or permanent treatments for endometriosis. Too long to discuss here. Ask your gyn.
1485608	Non itchy red welts/bumps started on stomach then spread to back and upper thigh area? Bumps are slightly raised	Rash it's difficult to tell you what kind of rash you have without seeing it but it may be related to hives or urticaria from something you are allergic to or something that you ate. You might want to try orc benadryl orally or topically to see if it help. Good luck
73141	I have very severe pain in my abdominal and doctors have mentioning endometriosis what tests do I need to have done to find out and what exactly is it?	Laparoscopy Sorry you are having so much pain. First you should have an exam and a pelvic ultrasound to look for anything obvious. If endometriosis is the concern, you can either begin medical treatment or seek a diagnosis. The only way to make a diagnosis is with laparoscopy to take a look inside the belly and get a biopsy sample.
1469759	Would urine culture & sensitivity test at first antenatal appointment show chlamydia ect?Midwife didn't give me a pap test but took blood and urine.	Urine can test Urine maybe used to test for chllamydia. I don't know what ect means.
642059	At my elbow it hurts, and if barely touched or even not even touched it hurts. And sends a tingling sensation down to my wrist. Also my hand goes numb	Elbow If it is on the onside of your elbow it may represent an ulnar nerve problem at the retro condylar area or cubital tunnel. If on the outside it may involve the posterior interosseous nerve which is a branch from the radial nerve at the arcade of froshe.
357592	I have a really sore itchy rash on my anus looks like swollen bites with a red rash what can I do?	Steroid cream You can start with an over the counter cortisone cream twice a day. If that doesn't help, see your doctor.
866474	Is it unusual to have chlamydia with a yeast infection?	Yeast No it is not common, unless your partner is cheating. But you need a chlamydia test to rule out chlamydia.
406729	My ear feels clogged I do have some pain, then when i open and close my mouth  everyone can hear the the crackling sound and it blowing my nose dose not help  also I do not have water in it. Could it be an ear infection?	Hello. Hello. You could have an infection or you might simply have congestion that is preventing your eustachian tube from draining fluids from your middle ear. You might wish to try an oral decongestant. Afrin is also very effective. It is a nasal spray that helps reduce swelling. However, it should only be used up to twice a day for a maximum of 3 to 5 days.
1521987	Thick white vaginal discharge and mild period like cramps. I am on the pill. What could this mean? Infection? Pregnancy?	Discharge Could be vaginitis ( infection)or even possibly pregnancy. Try pregnancy test and seek medical attention for vaginitis
6766410	My period is approximately 6 days overdue. I feel nauseated when smelling food, thick white discharge, negative pregnancy test & have no sore breasts.	Premenstrual? You may be premenstrual. If you don't get your period within the next 2-3 days, repeat the pregnancy test or check with your dr
6737855	Went to ER for suspected dvt,I didn't get a ultrasound but he felt my leg,told me it was sciatica,still have thigh/knee swelling sciatica does that?	No see your physicia See your physician, get an exaiantion and get the ultrasound and an evaluation for other causes.
901601	Pain in my elbow, hurts to turn it or grasp things. Swollen right below elbow on the outside with some bruising and pulsating burning pain.	Unclear Sounds like it might be lateral epicondylitis or a bursitis, but those don't usually have bruising. Stay on the Ibuprofen and ice it, but you may want to be seen.
1592378	Hit my head very hard on a car trunk 5 hrs ago - no symptoms, but now have a sore spot on one side when I touch it & also hurts when I bend over. Ok?	Could just be bruise but of course we worry about concussion, you should see a doctor
1500420	Is it ok to take Lyrica and Neurontin? I use Neurontin to help me sleep at night. Won't take together just same day	Strange combo These are of a similar class so more typical to take one or the other. If you need it for more than just sleep than talk to your doctor about using just one to effect.
1434218	My mom is over weight & she has a problem. In knee joints , she feels difficult to even walk few doctors suggested her to take D-Rise?	Consultation Consult with a Orthopedic Surgeon. They will take X-Rays and tell her the best treatment (maybe surgery), however the extra weight makes it harder due to the extra pressure on the knee.
811338	My hubby (33) woke up with a sore upper left arm, and numbness in his pointer and middle finger (of left hand). What might the cause be?	Nerve issue Pain and numbness in a limb sounds like a pinched nerve. It can be pinched in the neck or wrist as well as possibly other places in the arm. Carpal tunnel can cause these symptoms as well and often cause numbess in thumb and index finger. You can try over the counter nsaids and a wrist splint but if sx aren't going away and especially if you have weakness you should see your doc.
519126	Lately headache, positionel hearing fading, temp hearing loss. Rushing pulsating  sounds while stending, head fullness, pressure. Paunding neck pulse?	Several things These symptoms could be serious and need to be thoroughly evaluated by your doctor.
484003	Can a neck spasm or pinched nerve cause tingling on left side of head and arm?	Yes Yes it can, one can try anti inflammatory medication (aspirin or ibuprofen). But if it continues, see your doctor.
6651009	5 yr old daughter vomiting & diarrhea is it ok to give zofran & pepto. If so, how much & how often? Started over an hr ago. Liquid diet until better?	NO! Never give a prescription med not prescribed to a person without permission of that person's doctor. Also, adult Pepto-bismol should not be given to children 16 years and younger. Read labels Try sips (1-2 tsps) of flat 7-up/sprite every 10 minutes for a couple of hours, then gradually increase amount slowly as long as its not being vomited. See MD if no better in 12-24 hours on clear liquids
6620280	I had a miscarriage about three months ago due to an ovarian cyst I was only about a month pregnant. What are the chances of me having another miscarr?	Miscarriage the chances of a second miscarriage is about 25%.
1399398	I just need relief for a week until my MRI. I have runner's knee and MRI is because doc thinks there is a problem with my knee cap. ?	Rest, ice, elevate.. & NSAIDS, activity modification. 1 week is not long.
6622786	I have small itchy bumps with pus that looks like tiny whiteheads on my back, chest and face.  Minor swelling.  Allergic reaction to cold medicine?	Less likely Could be acne, clogged sweat/follicles, hidradentitis. Allergic reactions in my experience are more swollen, hive, like, very itchy spots that can be an entire body part and spread. See a doctor in person, should you have more concern!
1475604	I am 19 week pregnant. My nurse recommended Monistat 3 for my vulva itching and burning. Is Ovule or internal cream safe or external cream is enough?	They are all safe If you are only having itching on your vulva it would be a good idea to just put the medicine where it is itching. As your nurse suggested. If it does not improve let her know and she will probably suggest vaginal insertion of the cream or ovule that is intended to treat yeast infections
1139411	Will flexeril or tramadol give a false positive on mop on a drug test?	No No.
539883	22 yrs old, knee strains and constain popping sound in both knees as i squat or sit down. Originally started 18 months ago. What could cause this?	Knee Popping This article has some good advice on the subject===>http://stronglifts. Com/10-tips-to-stop-your-knees-from-popping-and-cracking/. The "popping sound" is due to air "bubbles" in the joints. Proper squatting technique and knee-strengthening exercises will help (see article).
749289	White spot on lingual frenulum, some redness and irritation under my tongue. Upper neck sore with right side gland by artery swollen for 2 months?	Possible thrush Check with your foctor to rule out thrush.
63961	Best way to treat facet osteoarthritis on my l2-l3, l3-l4, l4-l5 & l5-s1 discs?	No simple treatment Yours is a complex problem with many levels being affected. Therefore, a global way to help is weight loss and no smoking. There are facet injections which can help some. Glucosamine/chondroitin sulfate may help also. There are so many levels involved, it will be best to remain active with a flexibility exercise also such as yoga. Your local specialist may have some other recommendations.
1289347	Off bc pill 2 weeks, cramps for 6 days now brown discharge, once had light spotting but no period. Negative test, was it to early for a pregnant test or?	Birth control After stopping birth control your period can be a bit irregular or you could experience spotting. Make sure you use protection to avoid pregnancy. You could try taking another hpt in another two weeks to make sure. Take care!
1352989	Are breast tenderness, heighten smell, bloatedness and hardening of lower abdomen and minor little cramps, and white discharge signs of pregnancy?	Pregnant? These are all vague complaints and could be associated with pregnancy but the number one sign is not having a period. Go buy a pregnancy test and see your doctor to talk about birth control.
1032165	Severe abdominal pain on right side, blood tests show elevated wbc, liver and pancreas enzymes. Ct normal. No appetite, tender to touch. Ideas?	Pancreatitis? Elevated liver ; pancreas enzymes with elevated WBC ; abdominal pain suggests pancreatitis. This condition can be quite painful. Mild or early pancreatitis may not be seen on ct scan. May need an ultrasound to look for for gallstones, as they are often not seen on ct scan either. Medical therapy for hydration ; pain control and nothing to eat may be a first treatment.
878577	My cholestrl overal is 170 mg/dl - HDL - 43 LDL - 104 - triglycerides - 106, how long does it take for heart artery plaque buildup? Shld i be concrnd?	Not really Your numbers are within normal limit given your age in certain situation cholesterol build up starts in womb in patient with familial hyperlipidemia, usually these patients have very high lipid levels. In an otherwise healthy person build up may begin in adolecent years as fatty streaks and the rate of build up depends on their diet, exercise, family history and the onset of disease e.g. Diabetes.
1275443	Can i take clindahexal to treat sinus related infection - symptoms: mucous, nasal congestion, post nasal drip, persistent cough?	If recommended by MD Clindamycin (clindahexal) is an antibiotic that can be use in treating sinus infections. Your symptoms and the absence of pain suggest that this may be an allergy rather than an infection and antibiotics may not be be necessary. Allergy treatment and neti pot may work. Clindamycin can have some very serious bowel side effects and should not be taken lightly.
1402612	Period is 4 days late, abdominal cramps, bloating, frequent urination, tender and bigger breast, back and leg pain, nausea but no.vomiting,?	Late period Make appointment with your Doctor or go to nearest ER for evaluation for Pregnancy and infection.
1544963	Extreme lower back pain. Woke up not being able to feel my legs. Feeling of pins and needles. My legs are numb and the back pain is horrible! ?	Need to see doc This could possibly represent a very serious problem. Need to see doc ASAP.
551485	Can you still have keyhole surgery to remove ovarian cyst if your pregnant?	Pregnancy/surgery Emergent surgery for life threatening conditions like acute appendicitis, or acute cholecystitis are considered when a patient is pregnant. It is better for you and the baby to avoid the drugs and recovery associated with surgery until after delivery. Ovarian cysts typically can be managed until after delivery.
697961	Can l4-5 spinal stenosis + left sided herniation cause muscle spasm in both legs? Why do I feel weakness in leg as it twitches?	It is possible One can get sciatica as a result of herniated disk typically on same side as disk bulge but stenosis can give bilateral symptoms.
673596	After i drink several glasses of red wine, my right  calf swells up, my leg aches, and i get an itchy rash behind my knee. Whats going on?	Reaction to sulfites Is possible. Sometimes, more expensive red wines can contain sulfites. I don't know why your left calf will be spared though. Stick with cheap white wine.
1078597	I have 5 swollen lymph nodes! 3 behind my ears and 2 on the back of my neck. They're on my left side. What's going on?!	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
124831	Needle aspiration on cyst right breast which didn't collapse 2nd asprtn 2 test cells.Unsure result.Biopsy done results fri....Cancer?	Await results You have had testing done and the results will be out soon. Cysts are not usually cancerous, but that is not always the case.
1492923	Hi I have a rash that moves from 1 part of my body to the next it's red blochy patches that are very very itchy and sore even the palms of my hands?	Rash A rash that jumps around sounds like hives or urticaria. It is often difficult to identify the cause. See your doctor for a firm diagnosis, any investigations and management required. All the best.
1102013	I had a little bit of a painful bowel movement and i saw bright red blood in stool. I feel weird a little now. Any advice?	Probably a fissure A painful stool with a little blood in a young patient is most often an anal fissure. That is a small tear in the lining of the anal skin from passing a large hard stool. The majority of these will heal with keeping the stools consistently soft for a few weeks. Use a fiber supplement regularly for a month or so and drink plenty of water. See your dr if pain or bleeding persist.
1580668	I have Scratching in knee cartilage i went to doc & he gave me drug & he said rest for 2 weeks can i back squatting like before after this injury ! ?	Follow up... Follow your doctor's advice as given. If it has already been two weeks and you are having no symptoms then you might be able to resume your regular activities but start slowly and test yourself to see how much you can tolerate. If you are still having pain then you need to see your doctor for follow up and new recommendations.
1033871	Symptoms: burp a lot constipation urine a lot dizzy hungry & chest pains are signs of pregnancy but i had sex only 2 months into my shot can I be preg?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
6647364	Last nite I dislocated my kneecap. Now in place and I have a brace. When I take the prescribed motrin it hurts more. Now I have sharp pains in knee.	See doctor If the motrin makes it hurt worse, don't take it but if you are having increased pain you need to see your doctor as soon as possible.
1551011	Ive had pregnancy symptoms hCG blood test came back at 2. Test was done 3 days before period. Why do i have hcg? Cld it b early hcg?	Report as negative Not impossible, but I do doubt it. Results less than 5 should really be reported as negative. You can test again in 2 days or wait to see if your period is late.
6767100	Blood in urine no infection, blood and urine tests confirm. 3 white blood cells, no protein or cast. No visible sores, pain in penis-4/6 weeks. Cause?	Hematuria check with urology. could be from the prostate or urethra ,bladder ureter or the kidneys. my guess the prostate is congested
489807	I have bilateral kidney stones in lower pole of kidneys showed on ultrasound but not CT scan and blood in urine pain why ? What know  will happen?	SOME TIME YOU MISS Although cat scan is very useful test to diagnose kidney stones, but it can miss some stones, like crixivan/indinavir stones. You have stones and depending on the size and location, most stones will pass down through the ureters in to the bladder and than out through the urethera. Some time these stones do not pass and have to be treated with lithotripsy or surgery to deal with it.
801495	My pinky and ring finger get numb on my left hand if my elbow is bent more than a 90 degree angle. Why is this?	See details It is likely due to ulnar nerve compression at the elbow. Get it evaluated.
1014572	Joint pains all over body, stiffness. Doctor have done esr, cbc, abdominal ultrasound, chest x ray, ekg, urine test all came back normal.	Autoimmune disease It appears you may have an autoimmune disease. Consult a rheumatologist or immunologist for help.
1046410	Wife - experiencing bright red rectal bleeding. She has been diagnosis with hemorrhoids, but this time it is excessive. Is there an immediate risk?	If she is under age 50, chances of colon cancer are small, but not zero. It is rare to have life-threatening hemorrhage from hemorrhoids alone, because bleeding usually stops when you lie down. Ulcerative colitis and infection are two other possibilities. Consult with her doctor for specific diagnosis and advice.
1142230	Well in the last month it started growing one small bump skin color on the head of my penis. Scared it could be one std.	Get it checked You have this bump on your penis and it is getting bigger and you are scared it could be std. I think it is about time you should consult your doctor to find out what it is due to, it needs to be examined.
554217	Hello , i was found that I have MRSA staph infection . I was wondering how long does it take to get into bloodstream ?	Real infection? Many people have MRSA living on their skin without causing any problems or ever invading. There are a variety of different MRSA strains, and it's a basic error to think that having one cultured from a site that does not seem diseased means a person is in any trouble. Wash your hands frequently with soap, and keep close tabs on your body. Thanks for asking.
646823	Could I have had a heart attack? A few weeks ago i felt nauseous, dizzy and my heart rate was fast. I had chest pain. Upon standing my legs were weak.	Possible You need to find it out with your doctor on your side... Good luck!
6683406	Do I need a statin? Hdl 35, lipoprotein (a) 5, total cholesterol 160, triglycerides 80, ldl 110, bmi 21,dad h/a at 50 alive mom is 63 fine. Do I need?	No Current guidelines do not justify statin therapy for you at this time. Attainment of ideal body weight, regular exercise, no smoking, and healthy diet are best for you.
1579205	Behind the knee pain, ultrasound for Baker's cyst, negative.  Now popping with almost every step. Any ideas?	Popping =loose something is loose. You may feel it in the back of the knee but it could be Cartilage or the kneecap. You were needed an evaluation from your physician , x-rays perhaps other imaging to clarify this
11733	I'm allergic to penicillin, can I still get effective antibiotic treatment for chlamydia?	Yes There are several antibiotic options for treating chlamydia infections. A primary care doctor can review the options for a patient, especially if the patient has some antibiotic allergies. Prevention is the best way to avoid needing antibiotics for chlamydia.
6659167	I'm due 4 Ma period in 2 days, I been sleepy, hungry, n havin cramps in Ma lower abdomen, lower back pain, n light spotting, n warm feeln in my breast?	Probably normal It is normal to get pre-menstrual symptoms like you are describing. If you period comes as predicted, no worries. If you are a few days late, check a pregnancy test.
550688	I have head ache in frontal lobe, tired, fever, diarrhea and stomach cramping yesterday (eating brat diet)  - is this the flu, even with a flu shot?	Mutated bug It sounds like you have the new bug in town known as the norovirus, that causes vomiting and diarrheaflu shot will not work against this bug because it wasn't included in this years flu vaccine.
918607	What kind of joint vitamins should I use for my knees if they hurt from squatting?	Knee pain First of all stop squatting if the knee hurts. Fish oils and glucosamine are two that i recommend for joint pain.
197570	Is it possible to go back to work the same day after arthroscopic knee surgery?	Knee surgery Anything is possible. However, it's better not to stress the knee and to allow some healing instead of aggravating the knee by returning to work -so no you should not return to work until instructed by your surgeon.
513352	I have lots of red itchy  burning bumps on my finger, palm and toes which is very painful when i squeeze them ?	Eczema Hard to tell for sure without seeing this, but eczema often looks and acts like this. Treatment is to avoid soaps, solvents and prolonged water contact, mid potency topical steroids.
1282137	Chills, fever,  sweating,  headache, light headed, nausea, sweet taste in mouth, and body ache. 4 days already.  What is it?	Get checked For influenza and RSV , you could be getting viral symptoms.
6694266	Had a sleep study 18 months ago no apnea. Had a few times waking up feeling like I can't breathe lately. I haven't gained weight. Hist gerd anxiety?	GERD Good chance it is GERD. See your MD again. Ask to see a gastroenterologist.
6742183	What can I do about a callus on my big toe that hurts?	Don't call-us a wart The first thing that must be done is examine it closely and make sure that it isn't a wart in disguise. Warts can easily be mistaken for simple callous and subsequently go untreated. This delay time will allow the wart to spread and make resolution more involved. Having it examined by a doctor who treats warts, can easily make the distinction and proceed with the appropriate treatment options.
723179	I had no periods frm start nd no ovaries...My uterus is small bt in my reports i m x.X female .So my question is that can I get pregnant wit no ovary?	No If you do not have ovaries you will not ba able to conceive. If your uterus is functional, you may be able to achieve a pregnancy with donor eggs and ivf.
1494319	Just started Zoloft a couple days ago for GAD and started feeling depressed- initial side effects?	Possibly It is not a common side effect, but it has been reported. It is primarily an anti-depressant - so it should not cause it but all of these psychotropics do strange things at times. So, watch carefully - many side effects do disappear in a few days - others lessen - if you are not pleased, let your provider know. Find alternatives. Consider CBT therapy too to optimize treatment effects.
1474956	Am I pregnant last prd aug3 I am 3days late 20sec cramps breast did hurt vry bad.Gas.20sec headache and back pain creamywhite clear discharge?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
951062	In the last 7 weeks i've had a abdominal bloating backaches irregular periods black blood blood clots vaginal bleeding nauseous so sore breast?	Need evaluation With all of these symptoms i think that it is important for you to be evaluated.
1160078	How much can breast cancer develop in a year if mammogram was normal one year before?	Plenty Call me old-fashioned, but i believe a woman owes it to herself to do monthly self-exam as well. If this is indeed a cancer that wasn't there last year, your chances of a cure are quite good. I'm sure you realize that this isn't time to "wait and see." best wishes.
6742189	What are the possible causes of a large painless swollen lymph node in the groin (2 cm or so) that lasted about a month without other symptoms?	Infection or tumor A large palpable painless node in groin is abnormal and may be inflammatory or neoplastic. One checks the abdominal wall and skin of extremity on the side of the node. Then one examines rectum and perianal area for inflammation or tumor. If source not identified then node bx indicated to RO lymphoma or other cause.
569978	For 13 days, my hands are swollen and hurt, I am also having pain in my left elbow.	See your doctor Your elbow and hands need to be seen by your doctor to determine what is going on. ...
377721	Do i need medication for these #s tc-236 hdl-42 trg-194 ldl-156 non-hdl-195 tc\hdl 5.7 bmi-30.2 male 45 years, old 6'2" 230 lbs, history of heart disease in the family. I was diagnosed with ischemic cardio miopathy (enlargement of the left ventricle) my e	Based Based on your history these numbers are very dangerous. Yor LDL should be below at least 100 and i would say below 70. Since your triglycerides are high your LDL particle size is probably type b... The small kind, even more dangerous. Yor HDL is the least of the problems but the higher the better. Yoe need to see a doctor who will get your lipids under control.
817665	I have  sensitive tingly/itchy nipples but no sore breast ;what's the cause?	Irritant reaction Itchy nipples can be caused by dryness and frictrion rubbing with exercise. The t-shirt with work-outs causes an irritant reaction due to the sweat. Apply pure vaseline to the areolae prior to the work-outs.
1472735	Does a uterus size of 10.2x3.9x4.9cm and a unilocular ovarian cyst of 2 CM mean anything? Periods have had clots and last more than a week. Thanks.	US uterus seems larger than usual, possible adenomyosis as no fibroids noted.
1542882	Several tender swollen lymph nodes in neck for 6 weeks each side. Blood test normal. Intense hip pain and knee pain. Is the joint pain related?	Possible 6 weeks of swelling of lymph glands is not the normal thing to occur. This needs to be re evaluated. At the same time the hip and knee pain can be addressed Make your apt with your health care provider in the next week if possible.
1379017	I have mid back lung cramping. Some mild pain when inhaleing and exhaling. With dry non productive cough.	Bronchitis Smoking lowers your immunity and damage the lung Structure so you may have smoker's cough too. Bronchospasm from Smoke can induce this kind of cough.Otherwise viral infection can cause musculoskeletal pain with nonproductive cough. Please try to quit smoking.
1380890	Depressed and never feel full  have gained 15 plus pounds in 5 months.   Sore breast  hurts worse when pressure applied?	Many possibilities Could be hormonal or mood problem. A doctor should take your history, do an exam, and will probably order some lab tests.
1274796	Blister on my top lip its tingling burning and itchy. The same in my nose the doctor said its HSV or dermatitis its been goin on since march 27th ?	Sounds viral Sounds like a herpetic type of infection with location and duration of symptoms thusfar. Not much you can do with it being almost a month into it but ask your doctor for some conservative suggestions such as keeping the lesions nice and clean, taking an anti-inflammatory, and perhaps trying something topical with a little anesthetic and Gabapentin or similar.
1363722	Large raised red bumps, sore throat, fatigue, lack of ability to fall asleep, discoloration of skin, weakness, bruise easy, swollen lymph nodes,?	See a doctor This sounds potentially quite serious and you will definitely need a thorough history and physical exam in addition to labs to even begin to work this out. Could be anything from a mononucleosis-like syndrome to a hematological malignancy to acute HIV disease, but without being able to see and evaluate you there is no way to predict. See your doctor ASAP and be assessed. Good luck.
894271	Swollen lymph nodes but no infection doc says, on amtrymitline for headaches, but what is hard lump behind jaw under ear if I have no infection?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
542087	My forehead is becoming red and full of acne. Now it is swelling..How can I get rid of it?	Benzoyl peroxide Benzoyl peroxide is a great start. There are several preparations. Pick the type you feel most comfortable with.
589655	I'm a couple weeks late on my period. Took a test last week and it was negative. Having cramps, discharge, and sore breasts. Thoughts?	Not ovulating If the blood pregnancy test was negative, you most likely didn't ovulate and your symptoms are due to a relative excess of estrogen. Your doctor can either have you wait and see if you start on your own or give you Progesterone to start your cycle.
801106	I can barely hear on my right ear and when i swallow saliva i hear a pop sound. Is that a ear infection?	Fluid It is likely that this is fluid. Not all middle ear fluid is infected - you can just have fluid without an associated infection. Infections usually have associated pain and/or fever. Best way to determine if an infection is present is for someone to look at it and see if there is redness and/or if the fluid present is cloudy and pussy.
1347172	What could be the cause of numbness, cramping and tingling in both legs and feet? Neurologist has diagnosed polyneuropothy	Neuropathy. Your description of symptoms are quite typical for peripheral neuropathy or polyneuropathy. You need lab test trying to find a cause such as diabetes. You should continue to work with your neurologist.
1001778	How come non-drowsy Claritin still makes you tired?	Claritin Hello, I have treated many people with allergy with antihistamines. Even though they are listed as non sedating, some people react to these medications in an unexpected fashion. Sedation may still occur and if this is present, i usually recommend using this medication if needed at night before sleep. It will still work for 24 hours and may help with allergy and sleep.
6657364	I was already told I have mild gastritis and acid reflux through a scope. But I feel dizzy, sluggish and mild nauseous after eating. Is this low acid?	Gastritis I'm not sure what your symptoms were that led to an endoscopy on an 18 yr old, but dizzy and sluggish are not suggestive of "mild gastritis and acid reflux". Not knowing anything about you such as your BMI or medical history and medications, its not possible to provide a relevant differential diagnosis for your symptoms. Please consult your doctor.
363203	22yo, bulged l4-l5, l5-s1 causing leg pain, had 2 epidurals. What are my options now ? Affects my sports and irritates me in footy season.	You decide If you did not her relief from epidural injections, seek second opinion, talk to neurosurgeon. There are conservative and surgical options.
1158458	Haemoglobin 12.5 g/dl , RBC 4.64 mill/mm3 , mcv- 79.7 fl , MCH 26.9 pg , mchc 33.8 g/dl.....  Is there a possibility of anaemia or internal bleeding?	Anemia As a female with hb of 12. 5- you are not anemic. However you probably have iron deficiency that perhaps related to your periods. Go to see pmd and have your iron panel checked. I do not think of internal bleeding at that level- unless you have other significant symptoms -you should discuss as well with your pmd.
686557	Strong meds have improved very chronic sinusitis since scheduling sinus surgery. How will ENT surgeon know what to repair with my improved symptoms?	Evaluation The ENT has probably done a full workup that defines the problem and directs his decision.
1449256	Echo showed 5cm cyst on rt ovary in June. Found I am pregnant one week ago (I'm 6wks). Could cyst be giving me false positive urine hpt & dr tests?	Not likely It is only in rare circumstances that an ovarian cyst may produce positive pregnancy test. If you missed your period and hpt is positive, you are pregnant. Please seek for the sake of your and your baby's health.
651117	What are small red itchy bumps on palms of hands? Some tiny bit raised some under skin.	Bumpy rash A rash is best diagnosed and treated when a physician can actually look at it. It could be hives but it could also be a contact dermatitis or infection.
1472653	I've had a yeast infection on and off. Small nodules beneath skin turned into hard very tender large knot on Both labiA. Very tender inner folds.   ?	See GYN This needs to be examined to be diagnosed correctly. Hope this works out OK.
1035651	Sever sore throat pain early morning was feeling something in throat no cough/fever/breath shortness. While gargling blood with mucus/phlegm only once?	Seek care Could be strep and that should be treated. If it is strep and is not treated you would be at risk of getting rheumatic fever later. Just stop in for a rapid strep test a your doctors office. If negative it might be early and should be followed by a dna test or a culture for confirmation of the negative rapid test. Best.
1050804	Runny nose 2days now but 2day I have bad pressures an pain around left eye just above n below near nose? On eyebrow & cheekbone? Am cryin in pain	Sinusitis Sinus infection is likely w/ nasal congestion, facial pain / headache, post-nasal drip (often with a sore throat) ; colored nasal drainage or sputum (yellow, green. Brown or bloody). The absence of colored drainage does not mean that there is no infection (even if your doctor tells you this), however; nasal allergies does typically cause clear nasal drainage. Try advil ; pseudofed first, then doc.
122405	Swollen, red, itchy eye in a child.  Infection or allergies?	Red eyes There are scores of causes for a red itchy eye, two of which you have mentioned. Your pediatrician will need to ask you a few questions in order to determine the correct treatment. If warm compresses do not offer relief, please make an appointment.
6612806	I am 14 days late with my period, negative urine tests, ovulation test say positive. I had a blood test done and my level was 6. Am I preg?	Maybe This is just barely positive so a false positive is possible. The more likely issue is whether this is a normal pregnancy or some sort of miscarriage or even an ectopic pregnancy. Since the number should double every 2 to 3 days in a normal pregnancy, frequently checking the level is the best way to initially start to figure out what is going on.
1113012	Nonsmoker, 19, have had a severely swollen throat for past few days. This morning spit up hard brown and red mucus. No coughing. Neg strep & flu test?	Viral infection With a negative throat culture this is most likely a viral infection of the throat and upper respiratory tract. If cough deepens and /or fever, sweats develop, have a physician examine you.
1346353	Feels like allergies, but allergy testing is negative. Itchy water eyes, itchy clogged ears, post nasal drip, stuffy nose, sinus infections, sneezing?	Can still be allergy Allergy testing only rules out what is being tested for. I would look at what helps the symptoms and to see what seems to trigger the symptoms.
6773258	I'm 7 months pregnant and have asthma which very rarely bothers me but I'm very wheezy at the moment can I use my ventolin  inhaler?	Yes If you have a history of asthma and are currently experiencing symptoms then treating with ventolin is appropriate. If symptoms persist despite treatment make sure to contact your primary care doctor to make sure you get evaluated so that this does not progress into an asthma flare. Good luck.
1129992	I have suffering from acne and pimples on my face and shoulders for 4 years. Which cream , facewash and soap should I use?  Which medicines?	Meds Many patients do well with over the counter benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid preparations. Some patients require topical or oral antibiotics or retinoids as well. If the over the counter meds alone don't control your acne after a month of daily use, see a doctor for additional treatment options. It is important to be persistent, and some patients 'get worse before they get better'.
1452239	Is the twitching in calves and body, R blood vessels saying a heart rhythm problem.  MRI norm, emg norm stress test norm echo norm, triglycerides 260?	Twitching Twitching is a symptom that occurs in the muscles. Many causes are benign and limited. It is a good idea to check electrolyes, like calcium and sodium. Likely this has been done. It is not likely this is caused by a heart problem. You have had several tests that indicate all systems are normal. This is a good sign, and you may just have benign muscle twitching, or fasciculations.
6746991	I suffer from heartburn but recently after I eat I get a burning sensation in my lower stomach it starts at the left of the abdomen and moves in the middle all the way up to my inner chest area?	Peptic ulcer It sounds as if you may have an ulcer. You will need an upper endoscopy for further evaluation.
6732064	I have been experiecing acute pain and cramps in my lower right abdomen. Also have been passing black stool. I am worried it could be symptom ofcancer?	See a doctor Any unexplained abdominal pain should be professionally evaluated, and so should possible intestinal bleeding -- which is often the cause of black stool. At your age of 19, cancer is not a likely explanation, but here are several other possible causes, some serious, others not so much. Don't screw around with this; see a doctor soon. Good luck!
6761032	Sharp aching pains in right ankle. Slight swelling. Tingling and numbness in right leg/foot. Can bend foot up and down no pain. Burning sensation.	Nerve injury swelling may be present from inflammation of ankle or tendon covering (sheath). The tingling, numbness, burning is typical of nerve. This can be from direct injury or compression (swelling)
820635	Have sore throat, cold, eye irritation. Palm is alone hot. Tired n have head ache. But have no fever. What is the prob?	You are ill This is something that immediately tells me you should be at the doctor's office not on line. You are ill. You have an infection. You need to be evaluated and treated. The head ache is the most worrisome part of your symptoms.
6701166	Mole then thin ring of normal skin, then dark red discolored ring (odd shaped ~2mm). Mole is slightly raised, no pain/itch/mucus. No history.	Mole? Best to see in person term examine and punch biopsy for diagnosis.
6717366	My 8yr old son has a slight rash on his chest tiny red dots looks a little raised. Its very itchy. No fever or chills.	Rash need to see a picture to help you.
549855	How to deal with pain on knee after ACL and meniscus surgery?	Ask Ur surgeon Most surgeons have their own protocol 4 post op pain, & u should b asking him/her. General things as elevate, ice, rest may help. It depends how far out u r from ur surgery. But don't b bashfull ask your surgeon for help.
1025184	I have on blister on my neck near a  swollen lymph node there is a burning pain there and parts of my body burn and itch. One blister on, my shoulder?	Shingles? Easy to diagnose by inspection. See a dermatologist.
701784	Is it safe to drink protien shakes and creatine when you are trying to lose weight?	Protein is effective As a method to help improve muscle mass while exercising. Make sure you diet is balanced and your calorie intake does not exceed your calorie expenditure for your target weight. Creatine has been shown to help improve short burst exercise performance if taken properly.
647066	I just had a breast  biopsy 2 weeks ago and not on the side of the nipple where the incision iis but the opposite side i'm having a pain i'd this norm?	It could be referred Pain. When the nerves are cut during the biopsy , it may cause referred pain on the other side. . Follow up with your gyn for reassurance. Take care!
1440758	I took a blood&urine test when I was 3 wks pregnant (undiscovered at that time) . My ACR was 8.9mg/mmol and trace proteins in urine. What does it mean?	Proteinuria Protein in the urine after 20 weeks of pregnancy can mean the onset of preclampsia . Its existence earlier can suggest underlying kidney disease. Diseases such as diabetes, and lupus, can present with protein in the urine at the onset. If you still have protein in your urine you should consult your doctor who might refer you to a kidney doctor. Kidney disease can worsen during pregnancy.
808260	Shortness of breath and tightness in the chest. Also neck swelling on the left side but no lumps or nodules. Is it cancer?	Asthma You will need a proper evaluation by your doctor including a chest xray & tests for asthma. Swelling in the neck on the left side may represent a prominence related to the upper segment of the left lung. May be related to symptoms of shortness of breath & not necessarily cancer. Good luck.
698829	Degenerative changes of the lumbar spine with moderately severe narrowing of L4 L5 neural foramina?	Common Leg pain or not? Back pain? If there is pain down leg then significant. Might need meds, pt, injections. If all else fails surgery(rare).
552861	After a 3 days ealier period..Clear to creamy white discharge along with cramps, headaches, backpain, dizzy.. Ovulation or pregnant?	Possibly Get a home pregnancy test. These turn positive by the time your ready to start your next expected period. If it's negative, repeat it in 1 week.
238556	27 year old, ttc with husband. 5 days before period, clear discharge, weird cramping, tender breasts, nausea. Could I be?	Yes The dollar store sells pregnancy tests. .. I'd get one :).
512558	I have had some center stomach pain, upper right abdominal pain and mid right back pan off and on the past week. No fever, diarrhea, vomiting.  36yo.?	Gall bladder? Ulcer? Relation to activity? Certain type of food? Stool discoloration? Predictable pattern over the past wk? If it has not improved or actually worsened the past wk, you should see a doctor soon.
6750826	Pain in upper right abdomen and back.sticky stool,nausea.no pain the epigastric or left side,no diarrheano gall stone..is it pancreatitis ?	It could be i suggest a GI consult. Your symptoms could be caused by a multitude of conditions.
6743587	My asymmetrical mole on my foot was removed today. It has been growing the past few months and im pregnant. Could it be cancer? Im scared	Pregn/mole/foot Hopefully the lesion was sent to pathology for diagnosis???
863568	I had unprotected sex july 1, two days after i got hospitilized with pancritities. On saturday the 6th, i got a light period with blood clots which lasted four days and now i'm spotting again. Am i pregnant?	Unlikely If you have periods , even light you are not pregnant, see your gyn doctor
6766676	I hit my head 4 days ago. I had some headache and pain where I hit it, but I don't have either of those anymore. Am I fine now? Need to see doc or no?	MAYBE NOT If you were not knocked out by the injury,and have no problem remembering the events before and after it is unlikely you would need medical care. A headache, off and on would be normal. If you were to develop any memory difficulty,or problems with balance or normal daily activities, you may.
1139549	Are two normal 3 tesla mra/mris and a normal cta enough to exclude brain aneurysm in the case of unexplained unilateral head pain and unequal pupils?	Maybe Cta is a fairly good study; however, i would include the neck region and make sure that there are no problems with the carotid arteries as well.
1596305	Severely swollen tonsils and lymph nodes In neck, tonsil stones, constant cough, pain, red bumps in back of throat; been going on for 6-7 months?	Tonsillitis If this is going on for 7 months , you have chronic tonsillitis . Your glands in the neck are trying to fight the infection. Please see ENT , likely you may benefit from tonsillectomy.You may also have a Post nasal discharge and allergies which may be adding to the throat irritation and cough . Please get it evaluated.
6639161	Stomach aches diarrhea had my gallbladder removed 4 months ago constant pain in the abdomen area have to go to the restroom everytime I eat?	Post op gallbladder Diarrhea is an extremely rare side effect of gallbladder surgery. This is due to inadequate amount of bile to digest food. Medical supplementation of bile salts is always the answer but you need to see you doctor and rule out any other source of you pain such as a surgical complication.
950733	Viral, bacterial, allergy? I ate spicy food & got runny nose. Day 2 nasal congestion/headache/ear pressure. Then a dry cough gets worse on waking up!	Viral, and allergy Sounds viral but could also be allergy contributing too. You are not allergic to spicy food if that is what you are asking. And it is not food allergy, I am talking about seasonal pollen allergies.
1401227	Bruised spot on lower left leg. Gradually getting bigger and darker. Shooting pain to ankle and 3 & 4 toe. Swelling constantly.	You didn't mention how it all started, but you need to get medical help immediately if it's spreading! Don't delay. Bruises don't grow, but spider bites with venom do, and especially causing pain. Put ice on it now, elevate it. NO running, and go to the ER and get some medical help on this. Does not sound like it's going away on it's own.
561562	How to tell the difference between chlamydia or a vaginal yeast infection?	See below They look different under the microscope.
1296555	Can i take botox for cerebal palsy?	Yes. Yes. commonly used for limb spasticity. Make sure you are treated by MD experienced in this technique.
561566	I have a black mole and has been there for a while. Could I have skin cancer?	Maybe If it has been there for a while but has started to draw your attention because it is changing, it's time to see a dermatologist for a biopsy.
673866	How likely is it to get pregnant if you didn't have sex but the man rubbed his penis on the inside of your vagina lips and did not cum?	Am I pregnant Yes, it is very unlikely that you got pregnant from this experience. But, without knowing if he had precum on him or how far he got inside your labia i would not promise this 100%...
1119178	Low C3 level, low hct, little low red blood count, everything else is normal(c4, iga, igb, igm, esr, ssa, ssb, ana, urinalysis) what could this be?	Why the tests? You need to give some history on yourself since no lab test can truly diagnose a disease. Anemia appears to be the most important issue and with the low c3 , you may possibly have an autoimmune type of hemolytic anemia. However this is an open issue and you should consult a hematologist to do further testing.
1460646	1 week after period got sore nipples. Now after 1 week, soreish breasts too. 1 week away from placebo pills. Partner always uses withdrawal. Pregnant?	Potential Suggest that you find another method of birth control if withdrawal is the primary . You speak of the placebo pills. If you are taking the birth control pills that most likely is not necessary. Even with birth control pills the possibility of pregnancy is under 1%. Would get a pregnancy at this point. Best wishes.
1189116	Chest and back pain feels like a huge bubble. I have night sweats and nausea. Was told it was acid reflux went to hospital again in extreme pain they took gall bladder. Still have c&b pain. Gb was ok?	Gastroenterologist I assume the heart tests were ok. I recommend an evaluation by a gastroenterologist who would get to the cause(with esophageal studies) and best treatment for your symptoms.
365120	Dizziness, lightheadedness, headache, eyes twich acasionally cause me to loose focus, mind insomnia, fatigue...What could be causing this?	Multiple symptoms These symptoms can come from many sources, including alcohol or other drug intoxication, withdrawal, or hangover. Please see your primary care physician for more personalized evaluation and care.
6712779	Blood test showed ast 12,alt 25,bilirubin total .13,serum crp 1.10 hb 7.70, eosinophils 6.20 platelet 403 esr 74. Any problem or risk. Pl. advice.	None! Youu appear to have IBD. I see no issues with your labs!
1287994	Itchy pubic area directly above clitoris. Clitoral hood has a weird blister or raw lesion. Rawness between labia minora and majora. No STDs or stis?	Yeast You have a common yeast infection.
1366745	My son is sick w/ a small red pimply rash on his face, sore throat; itchy, red, watery eyes. Could he have got sick from changing our cats litter box?	Unlikely Litter This sounds more likely to be something related to a virus or allergic in nature than from changing litter.
1469922	Went for an Mri scan showed sinus congestion and swollen glands. Follow up blood test been referred to a specialist what could this be for Sinusitis?	MRI is not actually generally done for sinus infection both because it is a LOT of work for a minor condition (there goes the NH budget !!!) but also because it isn't very predictive of who benefits from treatment. Studies have shown that looking for purulence at the back of the throat is a better test. this doesn't quite make sense.
1144274	Please let me know if there is a short term muscle paralyzer similar to botox but for only a few hours rather than 3-5 months?	See below Yes, such products are used in general anesthetics for surgery or when patients are on ventilators in intensive care units in hospital. These are not for use elsewhere.
603172	I very frequently have common cold with symptoms like running nose, severe body weakness and a sore throat. What should  be done?	See a physician You should consult a physician. You may be suffering from allergies and postnasal drip.. Allergy medication like antihistamine and nasal spray and netipotty sinus rinse can help. Consult a physician or an ENT specialist.
583262	If my head CT scan radiation gonna cause a brain cancer to me i  need to start worry about it after 5 years or 20 years and more after the scan?Scared	Don't worry Though there is a very small increased risk of certain cancers associated with radiation, the risk is much higher in young children who have multiple ct scans. Brain tumors are rare and the absolute risk for an adult who has had one or a few head cts is only very slightly higher than those who do not have head ct scans. The risk is still very low and should not cause you any anxiety or fear.
1485950	Had blood test checking CRP, ESR, iron levels, CBC all cam back negative. I'd likely to be Crohn's or ulcerative colitis ? How active id blood test ?	Your tests do not suggest that any inflammation or anemia is going on. So , finding is against IBD. You may need further testing with colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy or barium enema.
399636	I have back pain, i'm afraid it's my kidneys please help me. I have had symptoms of weakness, dizziness, nausea, some diarrhea, sweatiness. I called my doctor but they can't get me in until this friday. Does this sound serious? Can i wait until friday or	This This does not sound like back pain. It sounds like this make be from your kidneys and possibly something serious like a kidney infection. The safest answer is to not wait and go to the emergency room. With a few quick tests they can determine whether or not this is something dangerous which needs immediate treatment.
1497783	My left arm and hand are going numb when I sleep I do not sleep on that side. On occasions this has resulted in pain and swelling in my left fingers?	Position change need Arm and hand numbness overnight is commonly caused by neck mal positioning or wrist flexion during sleep. Sleep collar, special pillows for supporting head, and wrist braces are easily obtained for a trial. The edema should not recur with above. If the problem is not resolved, your doctor can assist
72379	Everytime I have my elbow bent my fingers and hand get numb is there any reason for that?	Cubital tunnel The most common cause at the elbow is cubital tunnel syndrome. The ulnar nerve (crazy bone nerve) passes behind the medial epicondyle (inside bony prominence) then underneath the ligament of osborne. Flexion tightens both the posterior ligament underneath and the ligament of osborne over the nerve compressing it. This causes numbness mainly in the ring and small fingers.
1122427	Car accident at 5 weeks preg. Ultrasound showed small bleed around sac but hCG perfect no vaginal bleeding. No fetal pole. Will i miscarry?	Defer to OB It sounds like enough time has passed to be safe. But, i would defer to your ob. They have the ultrasound and they can give you the assurances or prepare you as needed.
1479436	Weird/odd sensation in vagina 2 days after unprotected sex. Could it be a STD or yeast infection?	Medical Evaluation See a doctor to evaluate and treat you
1232117	Just over stomach bug, now pain in dent behind ear, sounds like seashell held up to it, stuffy nose, sinus pressure, hot/cold. Stomach bug still, more?	Sinus It could be sinus or viral infection if persistent see the M.D.
1312460	8 yo w/ a sore throat yesterday, 2day tonsils look swollen but not red, ear pain, mild fever 37.7C, no cold symp. Warrants evaluation or is it early?	The only way to know if your son has a viral upper respitory infection that must run its course or a bacterial infection like " strep throat" that requires antibiotics is to take him to his primary care physician for physical exam & a "Quick-Strep" &/or throat culture.
1468344	I am taking prednisone &  augmentin and have severe heartburn. Took pepto-bismol 1hour ago w/ no relief. Can I take something else and how soon?	Irritants Both of those medications can irritate the stomach lining and should be taken with food. In addition,it's protective to take prilosec when on prednisone to guard against ulcer formation. Try an antacid like mylanta to relieve your current symptoms. The same effects and precautions apply to the esophagus.
527878	I am having having sore chest heart palpitations brain fog fatigue and some dizziness all worsened by activity I have had an EKG blood CT all good i ?	See your doctor You need to see your doctor to discuss these findings and maybe order more tests.
1089027	Would a torn ACL cause excessive water in knee and a very sensitive calf? And swelling in ankles and foot, ?Or could a sciatic nerve cause all of this?	Can, with an acute - Acl tear, one might get bleeding into the knee joint, ; if associated tear of the collateral ligaments also occurs, then pain/swelling in the calf, which might gravitate tot he ankle area. Sciatic nerve, by itself does not cause this, unless a fall occurs, but that's unlikely to cause the acl tear. See an orthopod.
793728	Itchy hives all over body now have itchy clear bumps on hands what is this?	Hives Hives can be an allergic reaction to food or medications. It is important to be evaluated by a physician to eliminate any potential causes and to be recommended appropriate oral antihistamines. Occasionally, oral steroids may be needed as well. If the hand blisters are on the palm, it could represent a severe allergic reaction known as erythema muliforme. You should see a physician quickly.
1303064	What to do if I have the flu and very swollen lymph nodes on my neck. Will cough drops make it worse?	Likely no Swollen lymph node are first response from you body to fight the infection, while in your case is flu. Cough drop would be unlikely to make it worse, the infection itself would be the reason. Drink plenty of fluid and rest, keep a good hand hygiene. You should recover in several days, otherwise see your doctor. Good luck!
1602713	Doctor said I have sinusitis. Isn't sinusitis characterized by nasal blockage? I don't have any nasal blockage just coughing up mucous from lungs and troubles breathing in general through my mouth and nose	Sinusitis sinusitis does not necessarily cause nasal "blockage", sinusitis can cause nasal discharge, cough due to post nasal drip, headache, pressure over nasal bridge
151009	My son 22 months old has a cold, nasal congestion. Is there any nasal decongestant spray that would help. I am using the saline spray and OTC zyrtec. ?	Cool mist humidifier you can use Nasacort--over the counter 1 spray in each nostril once a day for 3-4 days
6702148	Aborted from 2 weeks still feel cervix low down and mildly open, is it safe doing sexual intercourse or may cause infection?	Sex This is very similar to pregnancy and delivery. You should be able to have intercourse safely now.
1080231	What can cause hormonal imbalance in women besides thyroid? -sore breasts, late spotty periods 2 months in a row, neg hpt, thyroid blood test normal.	Many Obesity, malnutrition, polycystic ovarian syndrome, pituitary disorders, adrenal issues. ..
1458815	History of UTI and yeast infections. After having sex with new partner my vagina has a foul smell to it? Is that normal my pH levels are unbalanced?	Possible infection The odor suggests an infection. Please see a health care provider for examination
1080233	I woke in the morning and i saw 3-4 red spot on the head of the penis ? It is not painful nor it is itchy....Pls help	See your doctor See your doctor for an exam to get a diagnosis.
1080235	3/4 red spot on the head of the penis, it'snot painful , itchy .I had a oral sex a year back but i had vrdl & HIV test , all negative 3 times..Scared !	STDs You need to show these lesions to a doctor to have them appropriately diagnosed. If this turns out to be just anxiety you might want to chat with a psychotherapist.
356416	I have slightly tender & swollen breasts, more frequent urination, pressure in my lower abdomen, some nausea, dizziness + more, am i pregnant?	Maybe Those are all common symptoms of early pregnancy. Some women have pregnancy symptoms during the normal pre- menstrual time because the Progesterone is high, similar to early pregnancy. Other medical problems can also give you symptoms similar to pregnancy. A simple urine pregnancy test is usually the first thing we recommend.
353422	I had my llast Depo-Provera shot in may after 10yrs on it now in november I've had sore boobs tummy cramps and now lightly bleeding is that a good sign that my?	Ovulation This could mean that you are finally ovulating and starting a period.
6742327	My doctor said my knee is good after a x ray and MRI but it still feels unstable , I think it might be patella tracking or weak quad muscles?	Make an appt for -a fellowship trained sports medicine orthopedic surgeon. Poor track is an easy diagnosis 2 make on exam & imaging
108429	What can I do for lightheadedness no balance and chest pains EKG thryroid and blood pressure are fine passed out once and couldnt see after?	See a neurologist We need more details to give you any solid advice, but dizziness/lightheadedness and poor balance with a negative general work up would warrant a neurology consultation. Particularly with actual loss of consciousness. If poor balance were not one of your symptoms, i might suggest a tilt table test, but the balance issue makes that less likely to be useful. Good luck!
131805	Bad cold, started w/ sore throat, stuffy nose, sinus pressure. Now slight shortness of breath along w sinus pressure. I take BP meds, what can I take?	Nasal irrigation. Sounds like you have a bad virus! start with a neti pot or nasal saline irrigation. It sounds weird but works great to clear up the nasal congestion. It's all natural and won't affect the blood pressure! you can also add in some Ibuprofen for the sinus pressure. Give it 5-7 days and if still no improvement, see your doc. Most of the time antibiotics don't work for sinus infections.
1244221	I have a wet toilet paper like discharge. It is very thick vaginal dryness. No STD or yeast. What is this?	Depends Discharge in a woman can be abnormal, normal, or transitional. It all depends on your history. It may be important for you to see a provider to be sure. They may be able to run tests on the discharge and obtain a complete history. Some common causes of discharge can be yeast, bacterial vaginosis or std's even in the setting of no discomfort or smell.
1591939	Will getting the rhogam shot help with the next pregnancy if I've previously had two miscarriages?	Rhogam if you are Rh Negative, then rhogam is indicated by 2nd trimester to decrease the risk of inducing red blood cells break down (hemolysis) in the fetus. Close follow up with maternal fetal medicine (high risk pregnancy) specialist will be needed.
1388130	I tested negative for herpes IgM and negative for IgG 2 months after my last possible exposure. Is there a possibility that it could be too late to d?	3 months If you have been tested 3 months after your potential exposure then you did not acquire the infection and the tests are reliable
1543905	Stabbing chest pains all over clean Ekgs and clean stress echo blood test also clean along with x Ray im only 23 ?	Pain Stabbing pains in a 23y/o are usually musculoskeletal and likely are costochonditic or similar not cardiac.
6695738	Two days before period. yesterday vagina was burning and painful, but not itchy. today woke up and very swollen. help?	Need to see doctor This needs to be evaluated and treated appropriately right away. I hope you feel better soon after seeing your doctor.
867602	I have a small red bump on my labia, what could it be?	Be seen It may be a hematoma, or blood clot, but you should be seen for an exam and diagnosis.
688786	18 years old 36 weeks pregnant chest pain/heart burn dizziness and bad migraine. And heat flashes. I get really hot out of no where what's wrong?	Please discuss with Your OB ..Reflux is common in pregnancy.
280820	I missed my period I have symptoms nausa, engorged boobs, tired, abdominal bloating  and I took a hCG test yesterday neg what do I do now?	Pregnant? Pregnancy must always be a consideration. Purchase a home pregnancy test to rule out pregnancy. If negative in one week, see your doctor.
1579785	I hv z muscle of the right cheek is thicker thn the lft one. Dntists told me that this is due to a problem in my jaw and no solution, any other help?	Chiro I would see a chiropractor for several months of jaw treatments. Possibly a physical therapist or even speech therapist may be able to help. Have you seen a maxillofacial surgeon? There may be a corrective surgical option.
961030	2mths late, clear discharge, dizziness/light headed, a lot of cramps, hpt&blood test negative. All pregnant symtomps. What is wrong with me? Am i pregnant?	Cyst With negative test, sounds like pregnancy is unlikely. A common cause is anovulation and ovarian cyst. This is usually due to a temporary hormonal glitch and will usually fix itself. If not, see a gyn specialist for what is usually a sole testing and treatment.
674660	My chest and neck recently and suddenly broke out in red pimple-like bumps with a depressed, crusted center. What is happening to me?	May need biopsy This sounds like a drug eruption or may need a biopsy to establish a definitive diagnosis.
382860	What specialist should I see for my problem the urologist does not think anything is wrong i always have escherichia coli in my urine cultures. My right upper abd aches, no gallbladder and my back on the right side hurts. Ct shows a couple of calcificatio	Were Were you treated with antibiotics for the e. Coli in your urine? If not then this is concerning, especially if the colonies were >100, 000, and due to the fact that you are symptomatic. If you are not happy with the urologist, you should go back to your primary care provider and discuss your issues/concerns. In addition, you need to be screened for anemia since you are reporting fatigue and being pale. Your primary doctor will be able to do this for you. Best of luck.
1127280	I have a few tooth abcesses with facial swelling, puffy eyes, and swollen lips. I went to the emergency room and they said that it hasn't spread. They switched me to a different antibiotic. Is it okay to do so?	Drug allergy With your dymptoms you should have been given an antihistamine to reducevthe swelling. Benadryl is most commonly used.
1226184	Wat can cause this dizzy wobbly head feeling? Blood work ok. Mri ok. Tilt table ok. Heart monitor ok. Showed extra heart beats.	Vertigo? Check out your ears.
1332070	How accurate are occult blood stool IA tests? I had 7 done, all negative, have anemia, I know its from food, not bleeding, doc still wants colonoscopy	Not very reliable The occult blood tests will only show recent bleeding (few days). If you are having intermittent bleeding, the tests may be normal. As stated, the important issue is whether you are truly Iron deficient.
1227858	Does pus covered swollen tonsils mean bacteria or virus? Had fever, chills and aches for 1 day with extreme sore throat.	Bacteria You are sick and have a bacterial infection. Please contact your physician.
116529	How can I know i'm getting enough water? Cfs related nausea makes it difficult to drink "thin" liquids like water or gatorade. Any other suggestions?	Try thickeners We use thickeners frequently with patients having swallowing issues. Also, a speech therapy consult for a swallowing evaluation would be beneficial.
6626278	I have the feeling of a sinus infection that comes and goes . The pressure in my cheeks and forehead, headaches. But then it goes away. Could this just be my sinuses acting up or should I get medicine for a sinus infection?	Sinusitis Sinus infections usually produce more symptoms than you are describing, and they can be due to many underlying factors. See an ENT doctor to try and clear this problem, both in terms of finding out what is causing this and then treating it. Best wishes.
1288759	I have a mole on my left breast that itches scabs peels and then heals over and over again. Are there any causes other than cancer?	Yes It sounds like you are scratching off a benign mole. However, to be safe, you should visit a doctor to be certain.
926887	My vagina is blood red and sore I have two dime size black/purple spots on each side of my ciltoris with yellow/white crusty substance. What is this?	Have examination This would require an examination to figure out. Certainly trauma or infection would be 2 things to think about.
1257447	Any special treatment for day after breast augmentation surgery?	Light activity The most important aspect of the post operative phase of breast augmentation is following the doctors orders. Too many patients try to do too much right away. Ice packs in the 1st 24-48 hours helps with swelling and pressure. A compression bra helps with muscle pain. Not overdoing your activity the day after surgery, will really make the next few days and weeks that much better.
1181115	How long will a rubella IgM test stay positive for? I have an immunity according to the IgG test. However im pregnant and the IgM test was positive.	6 weeks Presence of rubella-specific igm antibody indicates recent infection, however, false-positive results do occur. Follow-up igg titer in 2-3 weeks will be of help in confirmation of diagnosis.
1583529	Sinus Inflammation with no nasal congestion or cough. On Cipro 500 mg twice since 3 days. Headache on top of head and side no relief. What next?	CT scan? One needs to ascertain whether the sinus is the cause for your symptoms and a CT scan may be helpful if you still have no response from Cipro in another 24 hrs. Besides sinusitis, uncontrolled GERD can also be a cause for your cough but not headaches. It has been suggested also that GERD may increase the risk in sinusitis. See ENT if needed.
989753	When i wake up i feel pain in my left chest exactly in my heart  i checked my pulse 55-60 with blood pressure generally 7 and 11  pain in colon gas?	Yes Seems like gas pain. Talk to pmd.
6716255	Vein pain inner elbow 2 veins. Bright blue stick out like a rope. Had it a couple of months. But now gettin sore and itchy. Attached pic to file?	See a doctor See a doctor and get checked.
1545689	All blood work three days  prior to abscess(buttocks) are normal(CBC, HIV negative, Groin lymph node still swollen 2 1/2 months later. 3rd rnd antibio?	Lymphadenopathy If lymph node is swollen then you still have an infection somewhere. Have your doctor look again for the source. Antibiotic may help contain it.
1110786	The two months on the Depo-Provera shot i was not bleeding or spotting the third month i started to spot eventually bleed. Is this normal ..Is this my period?	Yes Periods become very irregular on depo you may not bleed at all or bleed often bleeding on depo is not period it is just an ovulation irregular bleeding no control or regularity on this bleeding.
1150907	Please let me know if there is any correlation between breast cancer and lung cancer?	No direct Correlatio I am not aware of a direct correlation between breast cancer, and lung cancer.
6644582	My 7 yr old son had fever yesterday until this afternoon.  He feels dizzy and have head ache. Should I bring him to the doctor?	Likely flu but if you are concerned, it is better to bring him to see a doctor.
1110781	I have a impacted wisdom tooth and its coming in facing my jaw. My face is swelling from it and i can't open my mouth or it feels like its breaking?	See your dentist With facial swelling and the inability to open your mouth, you need to see your dentist or an oral and maxillofacial surgeon asap to determine what treatment is recommended.
6623862	Want to lose weight. but i can't exercise as my joints (knees, elbows)  hurt when i do exercise.  My thighs are no less than elephant legs. belly too.	Eat Less. KeepMoving Anything that uses energy (calories) will help lose weight, as long as she does NOT eat or drink back more calories right after the activity. Examples: if walking, take a longer route; use stairs instead of elevators; take multiple trips to and from the car when unloading groceries; park a block from school and walk there with the kids; at home, skip dessert and go walk around the block instead.
838739	Bloating n abdominal cramps with heartburn. What are these symptoms of?	Could be many Things but most commomnly is constipation, excess fiber and not enough fluids or an excess of caffeine intake causing dehydration and thus constipation. Drink 80-100 oz caffeine free/alcohol free fluid daily and eat a reasonable hi fiber diet without fiber supplements.If no help after 14 days see your doctor for an evaluation.
731138	Am a studying doctor, went for follow up of my ovarian cyst saw a sac in uterus but am 3days due for period, negative test on 28day could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctor's office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
224861	Swollen and red bump on outer left labia?	Abscess Sounds like you have an infection. These might need to be drained in the office and most of the time people have to take antibiotics for the abscess to resolve. You can try sitz bath 4-5 times a day to see if it would help it resolve. If the bump is more inside the vagina then it can also be a bartholin gland cyst versus abscess.
991747	Clear CT scan of chest.  Worried about lung cancer.  Two x rays and one CT clear.  But the CT was without contrast & shoulder pain persists. Contrast?	Contrast Not Needed Contrast does not help find a lung tumor on a ct scan. Musculoskeletal pain can take a long time to resolve. If there is an reason to suspect another cause, an MRI would be a much better test. Also, lung cancer is very rare in 37 year olds and there are many more common benign conditions that could be causing these symptoms.
1477127	I am  41 yr old woman.Taking blood pressure med.  stress test EKG chst xray normal. Still have anxiety about heart attack. ?	Stress test normal If your stress test is normal at your young age then it is a pretty good sign that your heart is healthy at this point. The best things you can do to keep your heart healthy are to manage the risk factors for heart disease:keep BP normal, don't smoke, exercise regularly, keep cholesterol normal, manage sugars if diabetic, and eat a healthy diet. If anxiety is an issue try counseling or meditating.
740992	What to do to get rid of acne redness fast?	Acne redness The fastest way is a cover up makeup. A pulse dye laser can take away redness from acne and other scars but it is a expensive treatment.
1321397	My first Depo-Provera shot 4/25 I started my period 5/1 today is the 15th and I'm still bleeding. will it ever stop?	Unpredictable The bleeding patterns with depoprovera are unpredictable. You are right that for some in takes the period away. For others it causes irregular bleeding. There is no "normal" for depo users. The longer you are on it the higher the chance of no periods. The Mirena iud may be a better option for you if you want to avoid pregnancy and stop having periods.
1048211	My breast feels heavy and my nipples are itchy and sore what does that mean ?	This may be Related to fluid retention. Increased fluid in the breasts can stretch the breasts. The nipples and breast may be sore or itch. Women may have increase breast fluid during premenstrual time frame, during period or when pregnant. This might also occur if you are taking birth control pills.
6632719	Sexually active 23 year old with 1 partner no birth control. Had a yeast infection and bladder infection in same month. Is that normal?	Not normal, not rare I would not call this "normal" but it is not unusual. Your yeast infection was likely caused by the antibiotics used to treat the bladder infection. Urinating shortly after intercourse prevents most bladder infections. Taking D-mannose can also prevent- see http://tinyurl.com/ov7cum8 When you have a yeast infection there is likely intestinal yeast as well- see http://tinyurl.com/234ag4b
6779453	I was stung on the side of my leg between my knee and ankle yesterday and today my foot is so swollen that I can't wear shoes. Is this normal?	Can be The sting was above the ankle - the body shifts fluids to the area in response to the venom to help your body heal. Gravity pulls the fluid down into the lower leg/foot. Your swelling sounds pretty profound. Consider getting an MD to check it out - especially if issues like diabetes. http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/insect-stings
693019	My throat has phlegm and the doctor says thst I've mucous leaking and it makes my throat itchy. How can I get rid of the cough?	Sounds like allergy Lots of mucous, itchy throat, and cough---sounds like allergies to me! tis the season, as the pollen counts are soaring. There are 3 over the counter antihistamines that you may try---claritin, allegra, and zyrtec. They all have generics which are fine. Try one of these. If ineffective, see your doctor again.
6727130	Skin on instep of foot is pink and swollen. no visible rash. DVT in opposite leg. Phenagren, protonix, norco. Cellulitis or clot? No pain, some itch	See your doctor soon you may have a DVT bilaterally, or the beginning of an infection or gout, etc
262706	Itchy rash groin chest lower arms hands neck face after 3 shoes of 80 depot Medrol pack of 4 mg Medrol pills and 25 mg hydroxaline not gone.?	Itchy rash You got a treatment for an allergic reaction or severe contact dermatitis. If not improved, have yourself re-evaluated by a dermatologist.
1430512	Sexually Active With One Person.Looks Like An Air Bubble On One Side Of Labia. No Pain Or Redness 1st Time Ever Happening, What Could It Be?	Blocked gland maybe a blocked gland. usually benign
839251	Which are considered the best ways to prevent and stop snoring ?	Snoring Be sure that the airway is clear- check for enlarged tonsils, adenoids, deviated septum etc. If overweight, losing weight not only increases the airway, the tongue shrinks as well. Avoid sleeping on your back ( sew a pocket into the back of a t shirt and put a tennis ball in it.) don't drink alcohol before bedtime. Wear a breath rite strip
1093450	I had unprotected sex leaving me an gentile lesion when i had the out brake it left an scare behind it. What STD couses scarring in the penis pimple?	Not an STD There is no such std.
6749520	Can adderall cause stomach problems?? Gas, bloating, diarreah, nausea, loss of appetite? Going on 4 weeks now of this	Anxiety I understand your discomfort. Loss of appetite, nausea diarrhea, and anxiety and can be side effects of Adderall. Anxiety can cause or increase these symptoms Anxiety can also be due to stress which at age 21 can be- expectation of parents, relationships, breaking up of relationships, school, work and finances. See Psychiatrist for diagnosis, need, benefits, side effects of Adderall , and Therapy
577973	I had my gallbladder removed 4 days ago and I have a bunch of small red itchy bumps on my stomach between my breasts and belly button. What is this?	Reaction This may be a reaction to the medications during surgery, medications you are taking now or the antiseptic solution used at the time of surgery most likely. Call your md and ask to be seen if this does not clear.
1306259	Ankle swollen (recent ACL surgery). Dr says it's normal. But foot is also freezing cold. Exercise is limited atm, will warm water worsen swelling?	Swelling after surg Its normal, try elevation and wraping with ace wrap.
874318	How does asthma affect routine measurements? Routine measurements : blood pressure, pulse rate, breathing rate, peak flow, body temperature, how and why?	See below Your question is beyond the scope of our 400 character limit. Asthma can alter all of the vital signs.
6693070	My Gastroenterologist is soon doing my routine (5 year) colonoscopy. I have occasional rectal bleeding, presumably hemorrhoids. Should I expect him to?	Yes should tell doctor about your bleeding. If you are having bleeding it not not routine surveillance colonoscopy where there are no symptoms But you have symptoms so it is diagnostic colonoscopy now.
1253083	Can any doc tell me what's the best over-the-counter sleep med besides melatonin?	Numerous L-theanine 400mg unisom (vitamin b6) benadryl 25-50mg ashwaganda passion flower valerian root 'tran-q' herbal sleep aid by metagenics, available on amazon and other online sites chamomile tea.
349311	Can i still be pregnant even if I have not noticed any spotting/light bleeding day 11 post iui? ..But noticed white discharge and tender breasts	Yes Day 11 post IUI is still a little early to determine whether or not you are pregnant. You are right on the verge of being able to tell with a serum pregnancy test.
984370	Can itching, peeling hands and feet be a sign of poor circulation ?	No Itching and peeling of the hands is not due to circulation problems. Can be due to a variety of conditions including allergies. See a dermatologist.
651326	4 yr old fever for 4 days. Spiked over 104 a few times but responds to ibuprofen and tylenol. Gave her antibiotics. Now, leg pain crying & won't walk?	Get checked ASAP While it might be viral it could be a bacterial infection which can damage the joint unless treated asap.
1508212	Sore flat feet, feel tender. I used jock itch cream for 2weekd but still sore feet? Also RA in ankles and knees. I'm 24. What can help? Burning feet??	Depends There are a number if different causes, and so I would encourage you to be seen. Flat feet themselves can cause pain that may respond to an orthotic. It could also be related to your RA which can often involve the mid foot. It could be a neuropathy as well. A detailed exam and appropriate test can determine the exact cause and give treatment options.
6693079	I have a slightly scratchy, sore throat with watery eyes and mild congestion with clear mucus. Is it a cold or allergies?	Could be both It could be both. ..but the watery eyes is a clear sign of allergies..especially here in Florida.
766528	Is raloxefene the only breast cancer treatment that helps the bones against osteoporosis and does it build new bone, & prevent hip and spine fractures?	1) No No, Raloxifene is not the only drug in its class. Another example of a drug with similar efficacy is arzoxifene. They all work the same and have the same side effects. Yes, Raloxifene seems to increase bone mineral density and prevent spinal fractures (there isn't enough data to say on hip fractures, however). Tamoxifen is the oldest drug in this class and has similar effects on bone.
185558	What is the difference between a breast ultrasound and a mammogram?	Mammo vs ultrasound A mammogram is a low dose X-ray of the breasts. An ultrasound utilizes sound waves to generate images. Mammo is currently the standard of care for screening, ultrasound has an adjunct or problem solving role.
550749	My vagina is really red, it sometimes burns and itches. I don't want to see a doctor about it. I know its not an STD I am a virgin. Please help?	Yeast? You can start with an over the counter yeast medication like monistat or terazol. But if not better, it would be best to be examined.
1264884	Got Depo-Provera shot 3mon ago, been bleeding for a month.Time for the shot again but don't want to if i keep bleeding. Why have i had my period for so long?	Side effects It's pretty common to have spotting (or even bleeding) with the depo shot. Usually it's better the second time you get it, but let your doc know. Sometimes they will give some birth control pills to help the spotting go away. Talk to your doc. Good luck!
1520422	I have shingles and my dr prescribed acyclovir;;had had them for 23 weeks, they are scabbing over. is that a good sign?	Yes yes that is a good sign. Once they are scabbed over they are no longer contagious.
1165412	Took Plan B on 3rd day of period, on day 12 had protec sex, on day 30 got a negative beta blood hcg, now >7 day delay why? Can i still be pregnant?	The delay may be due Use of plan b. Potential side effects w emergency contraception include menstrual flow changes (spotting, bleeding, early or late period). It is recommended that you take a pregnancy test if your are more than seven days late. So i would take another pregnancy test tomorrow ; notify your physician. Take care.
485710	My elbow is in pain and swollen i also hear cracks when i move it, at times my arm becomes stiff , and  at times feels limp and out of energy   ?	See pcp At 18 years old a swollen and painful elbow could indicate infection, fracture, llose bodies in the joint. Advisaed to see your pcp for evaluation and x-rays.
1522682	Had laproscopic hysterectomy a week ago. feeling dizzy light headed have a low grade fever.  Pain in my belly where bladder is;!pain w BM. Concerned?!	Yes You need to be seen by the surgeon who did the operation if possible or in the ER if not possible to see the surgeon.
6776285	Hi, I recently had my bottom back right tooth removed because an abcess had formed in my jaw it had been there at least 10 days but wasn't giving me any pain just abit sore to touch, the dentist has removed this tooth and said the abcess should go down an	Not sure what your question is....
592566	My right eyebrow itches. When i scratch it burns like sunburn. Haven't worn makeup or contacts in 1 month. Don't think it is allergies. Possibilities?	Eczema It could also be eczema a skin manifestation of stress.
1608516	I twisted my ankle and now my ankle is really painful and swollen, but also all my leg below my knee is swollen as well and it's been over a day.	You must go to ED P. Must go to ER for X-rays. You may also need an MRI
1411029	I have a circle sore on my back that looks like an "o" it is swollen and itchy what could it be. It looks like a swollen red ring?	It is almost Impossible to diagnose any skin issue without eyes to see it. it would be much better for for you to visit your doc to have it looked ardor proper diagnosis ant treatment._ however what you describe sure sounds like a ringworm that would be helped by treatment like lamisil twice a day place over the O and an entire inch around it and continued for 5 days after the lesion is completely gone.
1601198	I am having white pimple type rashes on my hands as well as extreme swelling. It itches and is spreading up my forearm. Is this bad?	Allergic Reaction? Try Benadryl right way. If there is red streak and pain with or without Fevers then there may be a component of Infection. This needs Examination immediately.
6776289	R Knee replacement surgery 5/21 & have pain outer side and stiffness back and left of knee. Normal?  What to do improve pain,stiffness.weaknesdo walk,	Knee replacements There are multiple causes of post-operative knee pain/stiffness after knee replacement. Your pain seems to be located mostly in the outside of the knee. This could be from impingement of the knee replacement components on the soft tissues. Recommend getting new x-rays and consulting with an orthopedic surgeon
6715754	My heart rate and blood pressure are fine but im having chest pains what could it be? Ive had heart tests and they were all normal	Depends Chest pain in the young can be caused by smoking, inflammation where ribs join the breast plate in the chest, and frequently from anxiety and stress. Those are generalities so if persistent, see you doctor, even though heart tests are normal.
6753834	Elbow clicks when bent, been 2 years. Numbness in pinky and ring finger, gone when no physical activity for a few weeks. Maybe ulnar nerve?	Probably ulnar nerve The numbness is almost certainly coming from the ulnar nerve. The clicking may be coming from the nerve flipping in and out of its groove. However, if the clicking is not coming from the inner side of the elbow, it is something else. At age 20, I would not ignore the numbness.
1422459	I'm a 16 year old female, about a month ago a cyst ruptured on my right ovary. But now for about a week pain is back and nothing helps what do I do?	See gyn Sounds like you need to see a gynecologist. If it's severe currently, that would be something to be seen immediately for.
812983	I have to get laparoscopic surgery done to removed endometriosis and fibroids, how painful  will it be? Recovery	1-2 weeks Typically you can go home the same day as the petition, and return to normal activity level as tolerated by pain and discomfort, which is usually 1-2 weeks. If there are any problems, all bets are off, and it would depend in the nature and severity of the problem. Chance for problems is low, but everything in life has some risks. Good luck.
1421986	Ectopic preg seen between L. ovary & uterus.  Was led to believe it's in fallopian tube but now they say it's unspecified. Its in fallopian T or not?	Need to ask them It will be pretty much impossible for any of us to tell you exactly where the pregnancy is located without access to your imaging records. You need to contact the doctor or hospital who did the testing and ask them for a report you can take to your primary care doctor for interpretation.
1221189	Increasing numbness limbs constant pain and spasms in lower & upper back & down left leg, MRI lumbar showed bulge disk L4 l5, rotatory scoliosis causes	Nonspecific Believe it or not, scoliosis does not cause pain for most patients - unless the scoliosis is very severe. Similarly, a disk bulge is often of no consequence, and is simply a normal finding as we age. See a physician (consider seeing a neurologist since you have numbness) for further evaluation.
1264773	Is it normal to have the stomach flu with vomiting lasting 2 days but severe diarrhea for a week following? What are some things to relieve it?	Diarrhea It is not uncommon to have diarrhea lasting after the nausea and vomiting have abated. Try a brat diet (banana, rice, apple sauce, tea toast), avoid dairy for the next few weeks as well as raw fruits and vegetables.
1365459	Hit the back of my head on a wall too hard 3 days back. I am just having a very mild headache.shall I go see a doc? P.s IV got hit on head many times.	Maybe If you had no change in your behavior or nerve function with the trauma or after and all you have is mild headache then this can result from skull trauma rather than brain trauma, in which case further evaluation may not be useful. If you had any change in behavior or nerve function then maybe concussion. Seeing doctor depends on country you live in and your own concerns. U.S. pushes evaluation
371950	I have arthropathy at l2-3, l3-4, l4-5 and L5 -s1 im on pain all the time 

what is arthropathy	Joing DZ Arthropathy = joint disease.
619930	Transferred two embryo in ivf. 5 week pregnant without bleeding.On first u/s one sacs in my uterus and another is disappear, do body reabsorb embryo?	Yes Yes you body will reabsorb a "vanishing twin" and it will not affect your pregnancy whatsoever. This is very common.
501861	Son has pneumonia, I am sick. Symptoms: fever, aches, chills, cough, headache, thick feeling in throat. When cough tight head and chest. Raspy cough?	Influenza? The description sounds like influenza, which can have pneumonia as a complication. You don't mention the cause of your son's pneumonia, viral (which is contagious) or bacterial (usually not so contagious, with some exceptions. Check with your doctor if this seems like more than just flu, especially if you are short of breath, have pain with breathing, or have had fever for more than 5 days.
1028859	Past 4 days fatigue, nausea and loose stools in the morning, ok in afternoon, but no appetite. Blood work is fine, abdominal ultrasound showed gallstone. Not pregnant (tested). No urq pain. Gallstone?	Diarrhea Nausea, no appetite ; morning diarrhea. Lab tests assuming lfts normal. No jaundice, fever or pain. Mostly people have silent gallstone. The pain is caused when stone moves and get stuck in duct. Pregnancy negative with test. May be you have viral gastroenteritis or food poisoning or colitis. Pls see your doctor for thorough exam, stool culture; colonoscopy for colitis. Thanks.
906878	Lately the inside of my labia has been itching. So i scratch and it gets swollen. It also burns when i pee. And the itch wont go away. Whats wrong?	Yeast Infection You have a yeast infection. This is one of the most common problems that develop in females. Medications for this are called anti-fungals and are widely available without prescription.
6704897	I recently just noticed like a white pimple like bump on like the opening on lip of my vagina it only stings a little but that's it what could it be??	Get tested Lumps, bumps, blisters and other skin abnormalities on the genitals need to be evaluated. An examination will be needed to know the cause and treatment.
1505678	Back pain shoulder pain neck pain pain I'm my right arm can not breath good and tight chest pain under my right are and and leg pain all together ?	ER You need to go to the ER right away. Hard to tell whats going on without a complete evaluation
1589292	Why can someone take Advil daily but not tylenol?	An individual might have a drug sensitivity to tylenol but not NSAID's.
1030670	I have pain and soreness directly under the left breast near the top of the rib cage.  I had a lumpectomy 4 years ago on the left side of breast just?	see a doctor Pain in the rib cage can be due to costochondritis. This is an inflammation of the cartilage where the rib meets the sternum. If you press the spot does it hurt? If so it could be costochondritis. You mentioned a previous breast biopsy, did you have invasive breast cancer? If so all the more reason to see your doctor.
820935	What causes swollen lymph node in neck, only on one side? Also have sensation of fullness in neck on that side and some tenderness.	Many causes Get it checked locally.
189023	Had itchy bumps for a week now after going biking w/ sunscreen. Seem to be clear/flesh colored until I scratch them and they turn red. Is it heat rash?	Maybe It is possible, depending on location of the bumps/rash. Areas under clothing or heavy perspiration are potential sites for such rashes. If on outside skin areas where sunscreen was applied, may be assoicated with contact allergy to the sun lotion or its preservatives contained. Do not scratch them. You may try use of 1% hydrocortizone cream (cortaid) applied 2-3 times a day... No scratching.
543566	How did the sinus congestion comeback in less than a week? Had congestion monday, took aleave sinus d, went away. Congestion back today, have sudafed.	Congestion Sinus congestion often results from an infection or allergies. Congestion due to infection typically come with other symptoms like fever, aches, malaise etc & abate when treated with anti-infectives (antibiotics, antivirals etc). Congestion due to allergy persist so long as there is contact with the allergen. They are responsive to antihistamines. See a doctor for a diagnosis.
274235	Hi, i've got  pain in my left ear left side of my throat , swollen left gland .Pain in the back of my neck that shoots to my shoulders , and voice box?	Hard to say. The only objective detail in your question is the swollen gland in your neck. The other symptoms of radiating pain could be viral in origin. The other possibility is tmd. This problem of muscle hyperactivity in the muscles of mastication can radiate into the shoulders and neck. If the pain in the ear is not associated with hearing loss, then tmd is the most likely possibility.
949310	I have had a headache for over 5 months straight cat scan, mris come back normal. My neurologist says it is just a migraine. It isn't getting better.	See a dentist Seek out a dentist trained in neuromuscular dentistry or you can call myotronics at 800. 426.0316 for a referral to a properly trained dentist in your area. This may well be a neuromuscular problem that o nly a specially trained dentist can diagnose and treat. Good luck.
1222634	Tingling sensation on my cheeks, both sides of my head. Sometimes is on the top of the scal or burning.What could it be?	Need more info Sounds like it might be a form of anxiety. The symptoms are so varied it is hard to pick a neurological cause. To be 100% sure please consult with a neurologist and if his/her exam is normal talk to your family physician.
1555043	I have a lump on my left inner calf.. It gets achy and  lower leg swells alot. 2 ultrasounds ruled out DVT. Both legs and knees are extremely weak.	Sounds like next... ...step may be either biopsy or further imaging like MRI/CTA. Could be something as benign as a lipoma (which are still not fun to have). Leg/knee weakness are probably a separate unrelated issue. Here's the deal with ultrasounds: they only image the *lower* leg vasculature. If you are still getting chronic LEFT leg swelling, it's time for pelvic vasculature imaging to r/o May-Thurner Syndrome.
1592655	What would an abdominal CT scan show that an US wouldn't? RUQ discomfort under ribs. Had liver bloodwork 4 months ago, all normal. US came back normal	Rib fractures CT could show a variety of things not seen on an US. The most likely would be rib fractures. Also, a CT is likely to note more suble changes of inflammation, and lymph adenopathy. Plus, the CT should provide a nice look at the pancreas which is often difficult to see on US
653247	I have cystine stones , because of that I have red bumps all over my forehead that are acne like what can I do?	Secondary problems You should see a dermatologist first.
6719532	Small squishy "pimple" like spot on frenulum of penis. Does not pop. Been there 4+ years. Will it ever go away? Any cream? STD?	Not STD, not serious Definitely not an STD. My guess is a minor skin anomaly, like a fibroma, sebaceous cyst, and so on. If it hasn't changed in 4 years, I doubt it will go away -- but I also suspect it doesn't matter, except for the anxiety it seems to be causing. Stop worrying and see a doctor for reassurance, or maybe even for removal. In the meantime, hands off: don't poke, squeeze, or attempt to pop it.
1383000	I had R. Medial epicondylar release unlar nerve decompression 6weeks ago. My arm on the outside is numb so are my fingers is that normal?	Ask your surgeon. The purpose of the surgery is to not have the numbness. Surgery causes swelling and inflammation of the surgical area, due to the nature of the healing process, and that swelling can cause the 'compression' symptoms that should resolve as the swelling goes down. Ask your doctor about the time expected to see improvement in symptoms.
6771905	Moderate sore throat for two days with chills, off&on low grade fever, and swollen glands. I work with preK See dr tomorrow or wait a few more days?	Tomorrow Given you occupation it would be prudent to see your doctor at the earliest to rule out Strep throat.
513017	Can't remember my last period but i've been sexually active wondering if i could be pregnant?	Test If you are wondering and worried, then a simple pregnancy test will give you the answer.
71868	Has stomache prob since nov. Bloating, tenderness, gas, burning (acid), soft stool, no blood, xrays show nothing. Also have been xtra tired lately?	? IBS Your symptoms are suggestive of irritable bowel syndrome. However, you should have a more comprehensive evaluation by your physician or a referral to a gastroenterologist.
528868	A few days ago i hit my front tooth against a fork by accident. Now it feels tender, almost like a dull throbbing pain. Gums are swollen too. ?	See a dentist You should definitely be seen by a dentist to evaluate the tooth and the gums. It's always best under those circumstances to take an x-ray just to make sure nothing is broken or fractured and there are no other dental issues unrelated to the actual trauma to the tooth. It's risky just to wait and do nothing.
329310	How can I get rid if the bumps (not acne) on my forehead?I try using things but it just makes my face red :(	Rosacea You may have rosacea. To help these bumps there are certain triggers you can avoid and also some prescription cream/lotion that might help.
1169444	I have had a possible sinus infection for over 2 weeks.With OTC treatment made better, have ear and lower tooth pain now. Severe for a day? Related ?	Sinusitis The ear discomfort can definitely be related if there was congestion in your posterior pharynx or the post nasal discharge caused ear infection. Lower, rather than upper dental pain, is a little unusual but not out of the question. Are you sure you do not have a gingival or dental problem?
1547373	Primary HSV-2 o/b 3 years ago. Got painful itchy rash on buttocks away from normal O/B area similar 2 HSV blisters, possible spread of HSV infection?	Yes yes
6624766	I'm on Depo-Provera I had black blood now I'm
Bleeding I don't have any cramps is this normal? Please help! I'm scared	Bleeding I do not know how long you have been on the depot, but it is common for women to bleed while on the depot shot. Notify the provider who you get the shot from and discuss your problem.
1212576	Hi, I have developed itchy red bumps nd rashes between my left side of stomach nd waist !	Rash Itchy red bumps could be anything- contact dermatitis , eczema, insect bites . Make sure it is not vesicular in nature (because you will need to see your doctor) and to take photos. Take some antihistamine. Apply steroid cream for the itch.Beware of impetigo , this will need to be treated with antibiotics
1389077	Have been having pressure in right side of head behind ear for 2 months with dizziness and stiff neck on that side. Ct w/o contast?	Scan, yes Because you are young the statistics shift toward less serious problems. However, a lesion of some type involving the mastoid or skull base near the mastoid might give you these symptoms. So, yes; you should have scan. Type of scan questionable. For bone CT is best. For other structure MR is best. Talk to your doctor. Contrast helps but we avoid in some conditions.
1251247	Can allergies and chronic sinusitis cause excessive post nasal drip and swollen neck glands for 8 weeks? In sched for sinus surgery in 2 months.	Yes Both conditions can cause your problem. Do note that sinus surgery would help if you have obstruction at the sinus openings. Else you should consult an allergist prior to undergoing the surgery.
1228120	I had a red itchy spot at the base of my penis and touching my scrotum visible for a month. It still itches and feels like it's there after 6 months.	Itchy spot Could be allergy, irritation but without looking at it, it's a poke in the air. Either send a pic or see a local doc.
237562	Can I find out if a breast cyst / tumor is malignant through a breast ultrasound and mammogram?	No, a biopsy is necessary to definitively diagnose malignancy. Mammo/US evaluation will give you the probability of malignancy based on the BIRADS code: BIRADS 2 is benign, 3 is probably benign(less than 1% chance of cancer), 4 is suspicious(about 30% chance), 5 is highly suspicious(at least 75%).
384844	Can i still be pregnant if a test came up negative and went on birth control? So i had an accident and took the morning after pill. My period came light and short. Then since then I have had sever abdominal pain after that we had unprotected sex but he pu	The The only thing to do here is to take a pregnancy test or visit your doctor for one. Good luck.
357959	Im almost 2months delay but im irregular, im expericing headache, sore breast, back pain, slight cramps, bloated tummy, tiredness and always sleepy?	Could be pregnant Did you see your doc yet.
258634	My breast have been heavy and swollen and my nipples are tender however I am not pregnant what's wrong with me and my discharge has been more moist than usual?	Ovulating? If such symptoms are just temporary, and the woman is not menopausal, the symptoms might be due to ovulation. Ovulation may take place on the day a woman has the most amount of wet cervical fluid. Some women have breast tenderness, increased sex drive, a heightened sense of smell or taste, etc... A primary care or ob-gyn doctor can help sort out such symptoms.
1071162	Slightly elevated ACE with normal CRP and ESR also normal C3 and c4. Ana 1:640. I have small fiber poly neuropathy. Insight please?Does this look bad?	Possible lupus or Possible lupus or other connective tissue disease or vasculopathy to be considered.
382153	Does chronic glomerulonephritis increase the risk of facial swelling following lower face lift surgery? I suffer from chronic glomerulonephritis which causes my knees, feet and face to swell occasionally. Would a lower face lift provoke a swelling episode	Even Even without chronic glomerulonephritis you should expect pretty significant facial swelling after a facelift. With that diagnosis, though, it is very important for you to get medical clearance from your nephrologist to have surgery. He or she would best be able to say whether your kidney disorder creates additional risks to facelift surgery.
1223764	Can olives cause a tight chest and breathing difficulty if you have asthma and high blood pressure?	No No they cannot.
1029094	Does low testosterone cause to sleep apnea or does sleep apnea cause low testosterone?	Low T and OSA The answer is both. Low testosterone can cause weight gain that can cause apnea and improper sleep can impair the body's ability to make testosterone overnight.
677375	I wonder if applying clotrimazole 2% cream applicators for 3 days inside of vagina for yeast infection can interfere with my copper IUD i already have?	Not likely You should be fine.
1332244	On Lo Loestrin Fe, haven't had a period in 5 months, took hpt, all negative. Feeling overly sensitive, breast seem to have grown, feelin bloated. Preg?	Blood HCG If you are feeling like you're pregnant, and with an unexplained stop in your periods, I don't think it would be a bad idea to have a blood pregnancy test just to make absolutely sure that's not what's going on. On the other hand, some women are very sensitive to the hormones in the OCPs and this can cause you to have much lighter periods, if any at all. Talk to you doc.
996003	Aspirin ibuprofen or acetaminophen for sore throat?	Ibuprophen Or even better syrup with codeine. Acetaminophen is not an anti-inflammatory drug so probably will be least effective for an inflamed throat.
1029092	My 2.5 y/o son has a "pimply red rash on legs and elbows. For about one week. No fever. Somewhat itchy. What could it be?	See a dermatologist It is difficult to make a proper diagnosis since I am not there to see the condition. I recommend seeing a dermatologist so that they can make a proper diagnosis and give you something to get rid of the condition or relieve symptoms.
6640766	Been spotting for 4 days. Then I realized I have the urge to urinate often as if I have bladder infection also there is something like mucus. Wht is t?	Spotting Vaginal, cervical and bladder Infections as well as hormonal changes can cause spotting. Mucous could indicate an infection as well. Schedule a visit for testing
6639087	I want to get pregnant. I was on the Depo-Provera shot. I had two injections. I started in March 2014. I missed December 2014 shot. My last real period was March 2014. I didn't have trouble getting pregnant before. ?	Depo shot The package insert states that it can take up to 18 months for the depo shot to be cleared in your system.
6660256	The bumps on my nipples sometimes get yellow (as if coming to a head.. much like a zit) and if popped a yellow substance comes out. Is this normal?	Don't pop, leave it alone.
483491	My LMP was on 11/01/12 and i had intercourse on 11/24/12.  On 26th, i had a white discharge. Now I have abdominal cramps, no period, am i pregnant?	Possibly Get a pregnancy test and see your doctor.
657980	My husband got shot in his upper thigh. Femur got replaced with metal rod. Why is his leg shorter than the other? Will this affected his back?	Yes The doctors who placed rod were perhaps not as skillful as they might have been, although placement of a metal rod to replace a shattered femur, to save a leg, and preserve function is no mean feat. In the old days it would have been simply off with the leg. A unilateral short leg can impose mechanical stress on sacroiliac joints of the pelvis and, over time with repetative stress, loosen them.
747346	Headache, 102.3 f fever, nausea, vomiting, extreme neck stiffness, cold hands, feet, and lips. Doc said its a virus. Just gettin worse. Meningitis?	Could be Virus can cause meningitis.
6648556	I have a birth mark on the back of my head, but my hair covers it. If I were to get it removed, will I have a bald spot?	Yes, a small one... about the width of the scar. When a lesion is removed, the surgery approximates the skin margins together so that it heals promptly, but the scar itself will not have hair follicles. Usually hair around it grows and covers the scar, so it is not noticeable unless one's head is shaved. If there is a concern about the birth mark and skin cancer, your life is most important.
883474	Had rectal bleeding for a few weeks 2.5 years ago. No bleeding since. Dr said it was likely fissure that healed. Would colon cancer continue to bleed?	Rectal bleeding If your rectal bleeding has come back, then okay to get in to your doc for evaluation. More likely this is a hemorrhoid or recurrent fissure. Cancer in your age group is very low incidence. However, an exam under anesthesia will lead to a diagnosis, and treatment. Good luck.
6642892	Recent blood work.  Wbc, Rbc, hgb, hct, mcv normal.  Low mchc.  High Rbw.  What does this point to?  Had iron def anemia in past.	You can look these all up, e.g. http://en. wikipedia.org/wiki/Mean_corpuscular_hemoglobin_concentration, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_blood_cell_distribution_width, etc. If the MCV is ?er Nl, combined with ?ed MCHC these could be c/w some mild Fe deficiency currently. If Reticulocyte count is elevated, this would be c/w the?ed RDW due to an ?ed mix of younger, immature plus older cells. These values just clues.
1447845	I had an ovarian cyst laparotomy in june. 2014. Since then I still have recurrent pregnancy symptoms with regular feeling of a twist in my lower abdom?	Hard to know... "Pregnancy symptoms" = lots of things = nausea, breast tenderness, abdominal fullness, swelling of breasts or genitalia, etc. It's hard to answer without knowing this. Would you please ask again, and be more specific, or consult me directly? Regarding a "twist" sensation, this is likely muscle spasms. Your muscles were sewn shut and they often spasm when they pull on stitches with activity.
760391	Is it okay to drink water while vomiting and diarrhea?	Yes Try to drink as much as you can to avoid dehydration. 1 liter of fluid = 1 kilogram of body weight = 2.2 lbs. If your weight decreases by 2 lbs, your a 1 liter "dry".
940803	Had a small red patch of skin on penis, little itch, some peeling. Went away after a couple of days. Just dry skin or should I be concerned?	An exam Carries no harm and conversation with infectious disease doctor/dermatologist/urologist/your primary care doctor (take your pick). You will also want to inform your mate.
1391066	I'm experiencing insomnia, headaches, cold when others aren't, dizziness, spaciness mentally, and I have darkness under my eyes. What could this be?	Thyroid or Anxiety It could very well be a disease of your thyroid. It could very well be a form of depression and anxiety. I would advise you that given how extensive the list of your problems is that you get to your family doctor urgently to figure all of this out.
6730705	I have had right shoulderblade pain for almost a week. Now my forearm and elbow feel sore. If I lay down the pain is tolerable. Pinched nerve?	Probably The term cervical radiculopathy refers to symptoms that stem from a " pinched nerve" in the neck. Your pain follows the C7 nerve pattern and so it very well could be the source of your symptoms. An MRI would be the test of choice to confirm the disgnosis.
1448833	43,coughing>5wks in morning/night,after antibiotic phlegm change from green 2 clear but still thick&feel chest congested&tightnessOf breath.cough wors?	Reactive airways? Reactive airways, or asthma, can be triggered by lung infections and requires inhalers for treatment, which would explain why only your symptoms of bronchitis or pneumonia improved. Residual pneumonia , pleuritis or heart problems can also be the cause. Recheck needed :)
1445803	Calf cramp since yesterday.  Knots and tight feeling in calf, behind knee and thigh. Could this be a dvt? Had negative d dimer 2 weeks ago.	D Dimer= not specifi ...4 DVT gold standard is duplex doppler/ ultra sound. If leg swollen, even down 2 the foot is common, if on BCP Ur chances R higher. Talk 2 Ur provider about having this done.
6632085	For the last 3 days i have woke up with severe stomach pain , nausea, diarrhea, gas, and a really bad taste in my mouth when i burp what can i do ?	Go to doctor You should visit your doctor because from the symptoms you described there may be a systemic problem. A person who has gastrointestinal problems can exhibit a fowl taste in the mouth
6623413	Hard swollen gland where jaw meets ear. Likely parotid. Had for years, but now seems to be causing TMJ symp Who best Dr or dentist to help?	Oral surgeon or a TMJ specialist are best to diagnose and treat TMJ related symptoms,and should be able to see if there are any things associated with the parotid gland or affected by it and suggest treatment plan .
272537	I fell down and having pain in my left leg inner side of knee. No bone crack as per xray. Two and half month passed but pain has not gone. Pls guide?	Many possibilities There are many possibilities. X-ray may have been normal, but there are also possibilities of tendonitis, bruising, or even sprains. You should try taking a NSAID for 7-10 days. If symptoms continue for 2 weeks, you should talk with your doctor.
1190829	I've had watery lungs chronic cough fatigue + mucus in sputum-1/1/14.  I've taken augmentin and prednisone. Recurring cold sxs. I've seen 2 drs. Help!	More treatment Do you have wheezing? Have you had a chest xray? You may have asthmatic bronchitis which is often a prolonged, stubborn problem following a viral infection. I would consult a pulmonologist for further evaluation and treatment which may involve a longer course of prednisone(and medication to protect your stomach). Obviously you shouldn't smoke.
1384168	Period was 5 days late (always on time) has now come, no usual symptoms like cramps bloating dizziness nausea . Could I be pregnant ?	May be anovulation. since you had a period you sould not be pregnant. If it would ease your mind do a pregnancy test.
916268	Had a tilt table test that came back normal. Still get these faintish feelings but don't actually faint. Is it poor circulation possibly?	Unlikely The only way you can pass out due to lack of circulation to the brain is to have severe blockages in both carotid/vertebral arteries - which is very unlikely at your age. However a carotid/vertebral doppler/ultrasound can rule that out. Your medications may also contribute to the symptoms.
6636972	Throats gets sore to where it really hurts to swallow and then it'll stop and then come back again throughout the day. My nose and ears are very congested. I have no energy I'm super tired but I have no fever. What's wrong with me?	Mono Not A NoNo While congestion is uncommon, think about Mono (mononucleosis). The rest of what you said sounds like it. Or maybe just a common respiratory virus. A blood test will tell if you have mono, so get to a doctor, because if it is mono you'll need some perspective on this illness as well as some specific instructions. Don't push yourself. Be sure you have a healthy diet and get enough rest.
1553279	What is the name of the Endometriosis Surgery (Laparoscopy didnt work) that removes endometrial cells embedded in uterus ligaments  (Adenomyosis?)	Surgery Is it endometrial ablation?
6676438	My period is now 8 days late, I have taken a home pregnancy test and it was negative. I than took one at the doctors and that was also negative. my breast were really sore about two weeks ago, and they still hurt but not as much. Could I be pregnant?	Tests are accurate If you have taken pregnancy tests at home and they are negative then you can rest assured that you are not pregnant. You will need to see your doctor to discuss irregular periods. If the symptoms you are experiencing were caused by pregnancy than that implies that your hormone level would be high enough for detection
6681566	Had inch sized swollen groin lymph node for a month after unprotected sex. It eventually went away but I never recognized any other symptoms. Herpes?	Lymph node not usually without a rash do you have herpes. Probably just a lymph node that was swollen only.
1547918	I had medial epicondylar release/ulnar nerve decompression 6mnths ago. I'm now starting to drop things & sometimes it makes a snapping sound. In pain?	Contact surgeon in my opinion, the person you would want to contact would be the surgeon who did the first procedure. Unless of course, you have learned how to do medial epicondyle release procedures in the last six months in which case you may be able to buy a few surgical utensils and do your own repair.
700965	Dizziness/weakness, vomiting, diarrhea. Started this evening. Stomach flu?	Gastroenteritis It may not be the "flu" per se, but it sounds like you have a GI bug. Usually this is from a virus. For most people, the biggest risk is dehydration. Drink an electrolyte solution or make one yourself. Google "oral rehydration solution recipe". Otc meds like loperamide, used according to label instructions might be helpful.
6738695	Hello, my mum lost her sense of smell due to chemo/radiation for triple neg breast cancer, will it ever come back? its been almost a year since she has finished chemo and 9 months since she finished radiation therapy. she is 54 years old. Thank you	Possible. Possible, perhaps not.
1402857	Is having sex in a bubble bath dangerous in terms of getting a UTI or yeast infection?	Unlikely Soap and water may reduce chance.
1244709	I'm have these small red bumps towards my vagina and it itches from time to time and i didn't shave. What can this be?	Pimple Such changes can occur in many different parts of the body. Of course, there are many other possibilities (e.g. Inflammed lymph nodes). Bartholin's gland cysts (although not in the classic location) is yet another possibility. Sitz baths (soaking the perineum in a shallow pan/bucket of warm water with a touch of epsom salt for about five minutes daily) can sometimes decrease any symptoms.
819537	How would lung cancer or breast cancer cause upper back pain? I have had CT chest ok/ MRI throactic no contrast ok. Missed cancer?	Several Direct invasion metastatic spread are the most common. There are a lot of non cancer causes of chest pain.
1205391	What to do if I have this rash on my feet, legs, elbows, fingers, armsdespite the medicines i've been on, and now, these itchy blister like things show up?	Many possibilities There are many types and causes of skin rashes that could cause itching. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
1205390	What to do if I have this rash on my feet, legs, elbows, fingers, arms, and face. This has i've been on, and now, these itchy blister like things show up?	Many possibilities There are many types and causes of skin rashes that could cause itching. Several types of inflammatory conditions of the skin, allergic reactions, and sometimes bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause rashes on the skin. Insect bites can also be the cause of a rash on the skin. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
6691089	Diagnosed with an ear infection: prescribed amoxicillin, took it. Didn't work after a week. Prescribed a z pack, took it. A week later it still hurts?	Otitis media Infections can be caused by viruses and bacteria. Given your poor response to the antibiotics several things could have occurred. You may well have killed the bacteria causing the inner ear event...but the inflammation from the infection takes longer to resolve. Its also very possible that this was a viral infection..therefore no antibiotics will work.
276547	"my girlfriend an I are sexually active, about a week and a half ago, she's been getting stomach aches and head aches. She has a retro uterus, could she be pregnant? We use protection, no birth controll, and the condom did not break."	Could be or not Do a urine pt if - and still worried see her doc(gyn) for a blood pg , and work up could be from many other causes.
1450960	97.9 degree temp. Nausea. Dizzy. Bad taste in mouth. Upset stomach. Feel hot. Need help?	Many things Many things on list of what could be causing this. Rest, sips of fluids to maintain hydration (1-2oz every 5-10 min) no caffeine or alcohol. If no better or worse in 24-48 hours seek medical attention. Hope this helps. Best of luck. Dr R
351467	Hi for the last few weeks I have had a constant ache just under my shoulder blade at the top of my ribs on the left side i factured them two years ago?	Unlikely that they Are the source of your pain. This could be myofascial or muscular in nature or even related to a local nerve issue due to entrapment within the shoulder or even from the shoulder itself. A neck problem such as a disc issue can present this way too. If it persists or worsens in spite of time., local treatment like heat or massage or use of otc meds if not contraindicated , see your doctor.
949942	I have rash on my chest. Not itchy. Not red. Just small bumbs. What does it mean?	PImples? Do they look like pimples? Do note that Amoxicillin often causes a skin rash if you have taken it within the past week or two.
563512	I had a laparoscopic surgery for endometriosis. Doctors suggest goin on the pill to avoid it recurring, i feel its unhealthy, what should I do now?	Listen to doctor It is widely known that the pill will slow down the progress and recurrence of endometriosis. The pill is not "unhealthy" - discuss your concerns with your doctor.
1465048	I hav  high monocyte, liver enzyme ALT\u0026#40;mild pain under right rib\u0026#41;,hiv neg after 8 mon; EBV IgG pos, CMV IgG pos, IgM norm; am I HIV fre of all symp?	Yes You should have had your HIV assay turn positive by this time. The other findings are either trivial orsomething to discuss with your physician but do not suggest HIV infection.
6713949	I am 32 weeks pregnant and I was prescribed metronidazole 500mg for my bacterial infection. Is this safe to take with my prenatal vitamins as well?	Yes it is safe.
1219512	My CBC show I have infection my symtom are nose congestion , headeche, fever 102 f,  sore throat following medicine use ciproflaxcin
azithromycin ?	Infection Yes, it sounds as if you have an infection, but whether the necessary treatment includes antibiotics will depend upon the cause of the infection and if bacterial, whether they are sensitive to what you were treated with.
6698707	My fifth toe is swollen & red & i cant bend it down or walk on it cause of an injury but x ray doesn't show fracture so what's the problem ?	Toe pain Toe pain can be the result of overuse with tendinitis, stress fracture, bunions or metabolic issues. It could also be an infection. Please further inquire with the physician where you had xrays completed on what to do next.
15240	How can I tell if an existing mole is melanoma?	See your doctor Only your doctor can definitively diagnose a melanoma. This will usually involve a biopsy. But you may be suspicious about a mole if it changes over time in terms of shape, edges, color, or size. Any suspicious, new, or changing moles should be evaluated by a doctor as soon as possible.
6785599	So at 17 i went to the dermatologist and she said i should get these moles removedsoidid and she saidit will be a small scar and there big scarsabt 20?	Please clarify. Not sure what the question is. Please clarify and re-ask. Thanks.
1216564	Breathless, gas trapped in my throat&chest, weak&dizzy feeling.Need to burp to feel relieved.Is it gerd?Had it during my pregnancy, just gave birth feb7.	Yes Avoid certain food items too. If this is due to certain food need to check the food you consume and try to aviod those items.
681012	What to do if i heard that drinking too much cocacola causes kidney stones?	Folklore Your body generates a huge amount of phosphoric acid just from burning food. I've read a few of these articles & the authors overlooked this. Any retrospective study is fraught with pitfalls (people with an illness tend to remember things that they are told may have caused it -- the basis for a huge number of "health news" items). Enjoy us soft drink -- water quenches thirst cheaper & < calories.
393725	What could be causing my severe abdominal pain 1. Am 34 year  old man with severe pain for 2 months (10 on scale of 1 to 10)
sent home several times by management
2. Tests have ruled out appendicitis, kidney stones, including stuck kidney stones, hernia
3	Unfortunately Unfortunately the description of your symptoms does not allow me to provide a very educated suggestion as to the cause of your problems. In particular, the causes for abdominal pain can be quite diverse, ranging from an "internal organ" problem, such as gallbladder, intestine, pancreas, urological, to musculoskeletal, such as a hernia, to neurological, such as a pinched nerve or neuralgia due to infection. You have indicated that kidney stones, appendicitis and hernias have been ruled out, but other causes could include: enteritis, colitis, pancreatitis, gastritis, motility problems with the intestine, diverticulitis in order to provide a more logical path to working out the cause of your pain, one would want to know about the nature of your pain (characterize it, sharp, dull, constant, crampy, associated with eating, change with movement, referred pain), and associated symptoms, such as the presence or absence of nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, distention, weight loss, other medical history, including reason for gallbladder removal, evidence of alcohol abuse i would imagine that you have gone thru a host of tests, probably including mri, ct scans, and possibly endoscopy and/or colonoscopy. I see that you have had a h. Pylori breath test for evidence of gastritis (not sure if you are having heartburn and indigestion). You did not provide liver function tests, tests for pancreatitis, urine tests. In the end, you primary care physician should feel free to liberally utilize specialists to assist.
1075936	Can interstitial cystitis cause pain that starts at your belly button and runs straight down into your bladder?	Yes ...
1015685	Can you get a girl pregnant if you have low sexual binding globulin?	Yes! If a man can ejaculate, he most certainly can get a girl pregnant unless tested and told that he has no sperm or immotile sperm. Sexual hormone binding globulin is not going to be what determines fertility for you. How did you find out about your shbg levels?
1407801	Patch of eczemic looking skin on bum, few small red bumps clustered around/on area. Also itches sometimes. Do I need to see MD?	Skin Patch You may have a fungal infection of the skin. See your doctor for a diagnosis and treatment.
1199226	Clear sticky spontaneous nipple discharge right breast. Small lump on left normal in 2012. All labs normal incl. Prolactin. Cbe normal now what?	Nipple discharge "galactorrhea" is the production of breast milk. Sometimes women can have nipple discharge that is not milk. A doctor can tell the difference by looking at the fluid under a microscope. Fibrocystic breast disease can cause nipple discharge. But i'd probably see a breast specialist and get a breast ultrasound to rule out some other reason. There's even a test called a "ductogram" that can be done.
6711936	Have I.H. and deviated septum on l. side. Weird smell, used netti pot, fluid come out left side but not right. Bad pressur in ears/eyes/l.side of head?	Septal deviation See ENT to examine and offer a surgical option.
1510675	My last period started August 30th 2014.I had spotting on September 22nd and little  23rd.I have tender breasts and little cramps.Could I be pregnant?	Possibly if your periods are regular and this one was light and you have has sex you may want to do a pregnancy test.
748504	I have a swollen lymph node on my under arm, maybe the size of a small grape. I have bad allergies and started my cycle, will that cause the swelling?	Monitoring Centers Lymphatic system absorbs/carries things too big to go into the arteries/veins like bacteria eaten by white cells and digested food. Lymph nodes "taste" the lymph for anything bad like bacteria/viruses/cancers, etc. When it detects a problem, it alerts the immune system and your body reacts. They enlarge in response to the inflammation they create when they react. They shrink when all is well.
602251	Are dense breasts a problem? My doctor sends me to do mammograms every year. But I am afraid of too much radiation! is this a problem?	It is ok. See womenshealth. Govand radiologyinfo.Org under mammogram.
253915	Should I be seeking a second opinion when the radiologist stated an area on my baseline breast scan to be within normal tissue after a repeat mammogram and ultrasound? He would like to see me again in 6 months to compare scans.	Any symptoms? It is common for a 6 month repeat to be performed. This is especially true when you do not have any prior films for the radiologist to compare to. If you are having symptoms (mass you can feel, pain, bloody nipple discharge, skin change), then seek a breast surgeon for evaluation. He/she will review your films as well. If no symptoms, then make sure you return in 6months for repeat films.
6701125	I have abdominal pain all the time, diarrhea (5-10 bowel movements a day), foul smelling stools, and lots of undigested food in my poo.what could ihav?	Lots of things... ...like infection, inflammation, malabsorption, maldigestion, dysmotility, more. If you are in constant distress (as you describe), its time to find out why and what treatment options exist. Good luck--
1555605	I was diagnosis wit mild left sided UC,since then in remission,8 months no meds.Only used 5-asa. With mild colitis what r my odds of surgery in the future?	IBD IBD or inflammatory bowel disease can be tricky to deal with - it sounds like you are having a recurrence of colitis after being treated with 5-asa agents? If this is the case- be sure and see your doctor, you may simply need another course of 5-asa agents or a stronger medication. Most patients respond favorably to medicine and do not need surgical intervention. Be sure to see your doc :)
689578	My period is 3 weeks late, i gained weight. Have nipple sore. But when i took blood hCG test. It is <0.1. Does that confirm that i m not pregnant	Yes That level is consistent with the nonpregnant state.
1329786	I have a yeast infection my period is three days late I keep having vivid dreams and a negative pregnancy test could this be a sign of pregnancy?	Pregnant? Wait 7-10 days and recheck your first AM voided urine using a home pregnancy kit. They are inexpensive and accurate. If a problem persists, see your doctor. Best wishes
1418147	Help docs, is having an MRI test done on my knee bad while I'm pregnant?	Necessary? It can be safely done WITHOUT contrast after 1st trimester. But , it makes more sense to wait until after baby is born. Unless you need emergent surgery, there is no reason to get the test earlier. Having elective surgery while pregnant is far riskier than an MRI
1569813	I have partial fallopian tubes, but they are still connected to my overaies but a piece was removed by uterus, Is natural pregnancy possible?	No Your Fallopian tubes would have to be re-implanted into the uterus or IVF is your only option.
1478264	Brown old blood and cramps a few days after regular period time. No period yet. Missed bc a day or two; sexually active. Could be stress?	Premenstrual symptom Your period is delayed but appears to be on the way. Could be due to stress. If you do not get your period in few days take a pregnancy test .
1475979	Is it safe to give my 3 1/2 yr old grandson Gatorade? He has been vomiting and diarrhea for almost 24 hours. He will not drink Pedialite.	Yes but Generally speaking yes if he can drink it pedialyte is better because it made for children and it comes on many forms including ice
1307425	Can i rule out pregnancy with beta hCG &lt;1 and nothing on abdominal ultrasound 9 weeks after last sexual contact? Beta hCG tested from 3 different labs	Asked and Answered Your question has been accurately and repeatedly answered.
6625229	Strep test was neg.. doctor thought my vocal cords were swollen due to coughing. If thats the case why would my ear,throat, neck & shoulders be aching?	Sore Although your strep test was negative, there are lots of viral processes that can still cause symptoms of ear, throat and neck pain. Make sure you check on your strep culture. Fluids, rest ibuprofen and I think extra vitamin C good. You are in your 20's. If you continue to feel tired and run down check mono in a week or so.
1603906	Pain bottom of foot. Discomfort and tenderness in spots from back of knee down calf. Leg feels heavy and foot dragging a bit. Dvt? Musclar? Nerve?	Evaluation you should not wait. Go see a physician to be evaluated. If a DVT you could have significant issues if not treated immediately.
1518318	Swollen cheek jaw Pain, ear sensitve started overnite,treated antibiotics thinking lymph nodes swelling,but no use.seen dentist,xrays teeth fine ,help?	2nd opinion Without being able to see those radiographs or the swelling or your teeth, it is hard to give you a second opinion. I suggest you see a specialist in your area (an endodontist or an oral surgeon) who can re-evaluate your mouth and determine what ails you.
687082	Swollen lymph nodes in my neck for 3 month from throat infection. They are moveable and much smaller. I left it untreated. Will i need antibiotics?	No Lymph nodes fight inflammation for a living. They will often enlarge and become tender during the process and may take a significant time to return to their normal state. As long as they are soft, movable, and gradually improving they will be fine. In any event, antibiotics are unnecessary.
6692282	I either have diarrhea or constipation. Black stool (once) Pains. Brown mucus & gas w/ constipation Little blood. Bloating. Nausea. Tired. ideas?	Medical eval needed. These changes in bowel habitus are not normal. Black stool - if tarry & malodorous could represent bleeding. The obvious blood in stool also warrants assessment. You need assessment to see if you have an inflammatory or infectious condition that is causing these changes. Take care.
965488	Have pid. Finish meds. Doc suspect uti.  How is that diagnosed?  Have burning when urinate and itching and burning in vagina.  Is PID linked to this	Yes Your doctor visually examines your external genitals for signs of infection. Next, your doctor places an instrument (speculum) into your vagina to hold the vaginal walls open so that he or she can examine the vagina and cervix. Your doctor may collect a sample of any vaginal discharge for examination under a microscope or to perform a vaginal culture test, if needed.
505685	My two year old has red spots on her chest back legs and arms it is not a rash but individual spots she has been diagnosed with dermatitis previous bu?	Rash There are different causes of red spots - allergies including contact dermatitis, viral infections, bacterial infections, insect bites. Needs to see pcp to make the diagnosis.
1249614	Pregnancy? I've been spotting for a week and half. My last period was on 5th, unprotected sex on 17th, ovulated 19th. Is it normal to spot that long? I took a pregnancy test and it was negative.	Monitor cycle Monitor your menstrual cycles and length of bleeding/cycle. Repeat pregnancy test in 2 weeks and consult with your private gyn.
336384	Feeling really dizzy, tired, blurry vision, tingling in my lips, headaches, and lower back pain. I am on menstrual period. Very heavy 7thday am anemic?	Get checked out There can be many reasons why you are feeling this way, and they may or may not be related. You need see your doctor and be evaluated. She/he can check for anemia.
1392143	Can a shingles rash start flat and itchy before blisters develop? I had ch px as a child. Just developed a rash on the right side of my chest	Yes. Yes, in fact that's the most common way it starts. Shingles is almost always on only one side of the body, often in a "stripe" like pattern. The lesion go from flat reddish, to clear blisters, to cloudy blisters, to open blisters, to crusted lesions. Early treatment with a type of antiviral drug can reduce the risk of chronic pain afterward (post-herpetic neuralgia). See doctor soon.
124816	Should I worry about my 2 yr old pulling her hair out as she lays down for her nap? Bald spot forming in back. Spoke to ped didn't seem concerned	Worth watching You don't indicate how long this has gone on and if something has changed in the child's life. Hair twirling often is a self-soothing behavior that may indicate the child is feeling under some type of stress. It well may pass on its own. If it does not, consider meeting with a young-child mental health specialist to discuss possible causes.
508436	Havnt come on period yet and 2 ovulation test have been positive could i be pregnant even tho i havnt come on ? Come of Depo-Provera 6 mnths ago ?	Do a blood pT Blood measures down to 5 miu so u will know one way or the other.
947993	Took an allegra d 24 hour can I take Benadryl at night?	Yes but.... No problem.
1306085	Had unprotected sex last day of my period took a Plan B pill the next day days later ovulating with bleeding and cramps what's wrong? Am i pregnant ?	Not pregnant It is impossible to get pregnant during menstruation. You did not need to take plan b.
1525090	Neg allergy testing, successful sinus  surgery, use daily saline rinse but chronic copious thick post nasal drip for years. What are possible reasons?	Allergy? Many sufferers of chronic sinusitis are made miserable by environmental allergens that aren't on a standard allergy screen, or show a false negative reaction. I suggest repeat testing along the way to rule out any false negatives. Surgery can affect secretions and ciliary function on a sort-term(1-3 days) basis.
1607870	Are side-fillings recommended for tooth sensitivity? Have sensitive area and dentist says he can do side-fillings.Says there is no decay, though...	Other Alternatives Do the teeth actually have defects (toothbrush abrasion - no decay) or just receded gums? There are topical fluoride gels and rinses that can be tried first. Crest makes a Sensi-Stop strip that might do the trick for you.
1170881	Had protected sex.Period (seemed lighter but lasted normal 5 days.)ended but breasts feel bigger, have back/abdominal cramps  can this be pregnancy?	Birds and Bees One cannot get pregnant without sperm. By your question there was no sperm and thus this is not pregnancy. Having a period is the physical definition of not being pregnant. Pregnancy stops vaginal bleeding. You are not pregnant.
260957	I used an antibacterial black soap on my face to get rid of acne and my skin didn't react to well to it. Two days later my skin started to peel off.Then im getting these facial scabs that really burn.Im using aloe vera right now but it dosent seem to work	Steroid You probably need a topical steroid that your dermatologist can prescribe to you.
468466	Chest and back pains at same time, uunder breast bone and between shoulders atsame time, sweating cold sweat do I needimmediate attetion at hospitall?	Yes I would be concerned about these symptoms and make sure they are not coming from your heart. If you are over 50 year old, you should get checked quickly as a heart attack can be the cause of such symptoms if you are someone at risk (l in case you have high blood pressure, are a smoker or have high cholestetrol or have diabetes).
1375562	I have trich and I got prescribed flagyl. I take them twice a day and they are 500mg. This is day 3 the discharge has stopped but the itching hasnt.	Continue meds For trichomonas, it is important to complete the full course of medication for adequate therapy. Also, it is possible that the Flagyl has changed the vaginal environment such that you now have a yeast infection. Follow with your doctor for possible antifungal.
1438535	Keep getting callus in same area of sole under 3rd toe. Area hurts even if i stand still?	Find cause The callus may be due to excessive pressure on the area due to improper fitted shoes, fracture, etc. first determine what may be responsible for the cause in addition to trimming callus cautiously
6675380	If a Gestational sac is in the uterus is it possible to be an ectopic pregnancy? Or is a tubal pregnancy ruled out.	Possible There are instances of twin intrauterine and tubal pregnancies and the gestational sac can appear to be in the uterus with a cervical ectopic but both of these are rare and, generally, a gestational sac within the endometrial cavity rules out an ectopic. Hope this helps.
940733	Can pins and needles, numbness in arms and hands, when asleep be a sign of cancer? Also get occasionally pins	Time of symptoms? If your symptoms are transient, then it is likely related to temporary compression of your blood flow to that extremity (e. g. Foot falls asleep) or a pinched nerve. If your symptoms are persistent it could be a sign of something more serious. You might have an anatomical anomaly that is causing a change in blood flow, or a tumor that could compress a blood vessel or nerve.
1258846	My vagina itches a lot and burns when i touch or wipe it also bleeds a little towards the end of my vagina towards the anus?	Sounds like a STD Vaginal itching and burning can be from irritation from a new soap or panties. Could also be a yeast infection. What needs to get checked out on exam and culture is for you to make sure that it's not from a sexually-transmitted infection like chlamydia, trichamonas or gonorhea. Please go and get an exam and testing. Untreated chlamydia can cause infertility.
1179564	On Depo-Provera shot for 2 years now and never have a real period. Brown discharge 2 days ago and now having a full period due for shot in 2 days. Normal?	Probably Depo-provera is known to cause irregular, breakthrough vaginal bleeding, so your description is a possibility. If you are in doubt or having more symptoms, you should get it checked by a doc in a face to face setting.
6783765	Blister on top of right ear being very sore. Can not put any pressure on it. Still red. Not swollen. Nothing draining.  What shall I do. Glasses hurt?	Blister Either trauma or infection. Have it examined and protect the area. All the best.
869379	The left side of my body sometimes feels weaker or stiffer than my right, and sometimes i get headaches on the right side of my head. I have health anxiety. Wondering if this sounds like a brain tumor?	HEADACHE You need to be seen by md to avoid anxiety of your health. , brain tumors are associated with vomiting , headaches and other sx.
1412902	Swollen gland  in left side of throat under jaw for over 1 month. I had a tooth infection bottom left removed last week can this be serious?	Tooth issue Taking care of the diseases tooth should take care of the swollen gland as it is on the same side and in same area as infected tooth. If gland does not change or get smaller over next 2'weeks, see your doc
889253	My PMS symptom of tender breasts stopped when i got my period this month even tho it was lighter than normal. Does this mean I am not pregnant?	Can be normal Sometimes it could be normal for your breasts to be tender during your menstrual period. The only way to know for sure if you are not pregnant is to do a pregnancy test.
1478841	I've gone thru 8 rTMS sessions for GAD and depressions. How long until i begin feeling better. Im still on my meds with rTMS. Tyvm Drs in advance?	Good Question You may start to feel better sooner, especially because you are on the combination of medications and rTMS but with rTMS you should give it the full 30 treatments (6weeks) and with dTMS you should give it the full 20 (4 weeks)treatments (though an additional 7% of patients got better with dTMS after the maintenance phase (4 weeks of daily "acute" and 12 weeks of twice weekly "maintenance. "
1178175	What is the best laser treatment for acne scars in banglore?	Tough to treat Ice pick acne scars are very difficult to treat. A fractionated laser may be able to help.
6760878	How hard would you have to get hit to have internal bleeding on your Head?mild headache, Small hit to forehead with a small red bump. 48 hours ago	Head injury depends, if u had internal bleeding you would know it by now.
6709324	I have had spotting for about 4 days and sore breasts but my periods aren't due for about another two weeks, am I pregnant ?	Probably due to some sort of women sex hormones imbalance since the breasts are involved. Other causes for spottng includes infections , trauma to the cervix or cancer of the cervix.
369487	If someone has a penicillin-resistant staph infection, is that the same as mrsa?	No It means that penicillin and Ampicillin do not work but the anti staph penicillins like methicillin and cephalosporins do.
396537	Can i pop a dental abscess? I think I have a dental abscess. It's soft and squishy. It doesn't really hurt but it's annoying. Already had the tooth drained or whatever dentists do. Can i pop it if I use a sterile needle?	ONLY IF You are a dentist. In unskilled hands you might do more harm than good. Instead, i would urge you to see a dentist asap, as an infection any place in your body is not something to fool around with. People have had extremely serious complications, or even death, from untreated dental infections.
1190682	I have a forehead pain since 4 days.It starts on both sides , around eyes, back of head&back of neck with throbbing&heaviness in head.Plz help.....	Pain Your pain may bedue to a sinus infection or amigraine. A visit yo yhe doctor can help distinguish the two.
536401	Tiny little white bumps clustering around my inner vagina, constant irritation even during urination, I am sexually active please help?	Could be a number Of things including folliculitis. If painful it could be something else, nothing deadly but i would go get checked, may have a UTI as well or vaginitis from yeast contributing. Get seen on that one, good luck, you're gonna be ok, just get some attention on that.
833918	Slight cramps, white discharge, headache, dizzy, feeling like about 2 puke. Had unprotected sex last week, he came inside. Possibly pregnant?	Test Get a home pregnancy test.
1164425	Vomiting, nausea, constipation at night, diarrhea during day with blood in toilet/toilet paper, lower left abdominal pain. Diverticulitis? What to do?	IBD Could also be inflammatory bowel disease. Would suspect crohns . 19 is too young for diverticulitis. Need gastrointestinal consult.
894070	The past 2 months I have had increasing pain back of neck to the rest of my body. Muscles and bones hurt and increasing in intensity. Ibuprofen or tylenol not helping at all. What can cause this?	You need an EVAL An evaluation is in order because it is impossible to tell you with any certainty what the cause of this is. Having a long list of possible causes only further delays you from the actual cause and thus the correct treatment. In your case, it is vitally important to find out the cause as some of the possible reasons are not benign. I wish you well.
403282	Fell three weeks ago landed on my arm, it was swollen a couple days and a little black and blue, arm still hurt arm does not hurt if at 90 degree angle but when i extend arm or bring in less than 90 degree angle arm hurt at front crease part of elbow	Definitely Definitely get it checked out. Problems with elbow extension after trauma to the elbow is common but could mean something that needs treatment i.E a radial head or neck fracture or variations thereof. You will need some good x-rays and possibly an MRI and/or ct scan. Even if there is no outright "pathology" you still want to see someone to get started with some therapy or you can end up with an unnecessarily stiff elbow. Good luck.
1533830	CC: hair loss, itchy scalp, sore scalp. Irons fine,  Vit D is low, Thyroid levels are high, what could cause my hair to be itchy, Sore and hair loss?	See a dermatologist Bring with you copies of blood tests. Bring all meds, vitamins, supplements.
403934	Do I have a yeast infection if brown discharge comes out of my vagina and it is somewhat itchy? It's not that itchy, some-days it is and others it isn't, but every single day this brown discharge comes out of my vagina when i wipe, i haven't seen a doctor	Yeast Yeast infections are typically very itchy, with white or whitish-yellow discharge. Other infections can cause different color discharge. If a patient has a new discharge, discomfort, or any fever then the discharge should be evaluated by their physician.
6628227	Twisted my knee walked it out then 1,2 weeks later knelt down and a burning sensation red hot poker?	Internal derangement Your symptoms may indicate an injury to the knee joint. Pain associated with a twisting mechanism that resolves in a few weeks with no instability, but worsens with a deep knee bend is more suspicious for cartilage, meniscus injury or even a bone bruise. If associated swelling, decreased function or symptoms continue, imaging beginning with a regular x-ray then MRI would be appropriate.
391548	I got allergies and i don't know if I should go to the dr itchy eyes , red eyes and swollen can't  breath dizzy  wartty nose	I I would recommend that you see a local allergist. They will be able to test you to see what allergies you have. With this information they can recommend avoidance strategies, medication options and the possibility of allergy shots so that you can have relief.
6665168	Sharp pain in back of head. Area sore to touch. No injury. Woke with dizziness and nausea. Can't walk straight or even drive today.  ?	Headache, dizziness Call 911 and go to ER, may be vertigo but usually not with headache, may be reflux and h pylori, may be herpes infection, may be internal brain process like bleed call 911
1127928	Have stomach upset, nausea, no-pain, no vomiting, diarrhea, have headache ear fullness-pain, dizziness, congestion, little tired no appetite no fever 2 days?	Gastroenteritis? Most cases of viral gastroenteritis are mild, self-limited, and not life threatening. These resolve on their own with supportive care (drink fluids to prevent dehydration, eat moderately as tolerated, as needed analgesia). In special cases (newborns, elderly, debilitated) hospitalization may be required to provide IV fluids and to support co-morbid medical conditions.
1127920	I've been recently getting severe headaches/sharp pains in my head(pressure), the right side, pains in ear, bloodshot eye, dizzy spells etc, any ideas?	Anything Could be as simple as migraine or something more serious. There are disorders called trigeminal autonomic cephalgias that are different from migraine and can lead to "red eye". I suggest a work up from your doctors.
1494332	Exactly 7 days after unprotected intercourse got tested for chlamydia, gonorrhea, herpes, syphillis, hiv. Will all tests be accurate? My doc said yes	STD testing The cultures will be accurate, however, if you had a high risk exposure and are worried about STD's you should repeat the HIV and syphilis test in three months to allow for the window period. This is the time it takes for the test to become positive and early testing can be a false negative.
1334322	Irritated sore w bumps back of throat and 2 red dots above uvula. strep/mono neg. antibotics/post nasel meds not help. Going on 3 months. Not sick.	Sore throat ENT consult for further testing is now in order.
817643	Lightheaded, confusion, irritable, cramps, bloated, burning boobs, sore throat congestion, vaginal discharge, itchy and irritated vagina.Im on trivora.Help?	Multiple symptoms They deserve detailed evaluation and work up.
1310336	Endodontist says i don't need a root canal, dentist says i do.  I have pain and sensitivity to cold on tooth.  Now what do I do.	Check Sometimes a tooth will become cold-sensitive when it is hitting too hard in your bite. Have your dds check the way you bite. Does the involved tooth seem like it is too high?
817648	2year old with low fever, vomiting, diarrhea, rash on lower back buttocks. Sore throat, ear infection antibiotics don't help. 3 months already  sick.	Please see your Dr. Your baby definitely needs a work up. I would involve an immunologist and a dermatologist in the workup. It may help to work backwards and see what the rash is, which may point to what the overall problem is. Certain immune system problems, vitamin deficiencies, intolerance to certain foods and other conditions may all cause similar symptoms.
6681823	I fell at work about a month ago on my right knee. It twisted when I fell. Sharp pains on left side of right knee. Swelling too. Had MRI?Torn meniscus	Yes just because you have a torn meniscus does not always mean you need surgery. You will need physical therapy, and exercise as the most important part of your therapy program.you need to discuss this with your physician so that you are given the appropriate therapy.
1364135	I work outside in the heat & sun. I get so hot & tired quick. Make sure I drink Gatoraid & water. But I'll feel exhausted quick. What can I do to help?	Heat exhaustion May need longer break from heat and sun and complete rest for one week for full recovery. Water and Gatorade may not be enough
572470	Bp109/60 very low for me.  Hr88..Dizzy, weak, headache, don't feel like self.  What could be wrong?	Anemic? Your symptoms could be caused by anemia. Check with your doctor. He may want to take a blood count.
257604	How can I help my boyfriend with his snoring problem?	A couple of things First try simple stuff like have him sleep on his side. Also avoid excess alcohol before bed, consider weight loss, and you might want to get a sleep study to dertermine if he has sleep apnea. It is a more serious problem.
1230350	I lost my voice 3 days ago, have a mild headache, head and chest congestion, slight earache as well as a productive cough, but no sore throat or fever?	Infection Sounds as if you are infectious with either a virus or bacteria. Get an evaluation to be best diagnosed and treated. Good luck, get well soon.
1430720	I have spinal stenosis. Had a total decompression operation in 2007 (L5- S1).
Canal is narrowing again. Should I try interthecal  steroid shots?	Yes. I think that is a good place to start. If you are unable to control your symptoms with steroids, speak to your surgeon about a second procedure.
1501432	Hsv1 IgG 53.60 high
Hsv 2 IgG <0.91
Hsv IgM I/II combo 1.48 high
What does all this mean? My herpes results from the lab! Doc wasn't helpful	HSV 1 infection All laboratory results need to be interpreted in the clinical context and the doctor who ordered the tests is usually in the best position to do that. Having said that, you have had HSV 1 infection. Since IgM assay did not differentiate between 1 & 2 it is not feasible to say if you have recent HSV 1 infection or recent infection with both HSV 1 and 2.
1048020	At 32 weeks pregnancy my baby developed mild ventriculomegaly & mega cisterna magna. Torch is good except it is + for CMV IgG and - for IgM any conect?	Venriculomegaly Mild ventriculomegaly and a large cisterna magna can all be within a normal range - the OB will need to follow the growth of the head with ultrasound and if the head growth takes off then sometimes the child will be delivered early though that is unusual.
63498	If I have a bacterial infection in my vagina can I take something over-the-counter to get rid of the problem like a probiotic or something ?	Bacterial infection Probiotics help protect against the effects of antibiotics. If it is truly bacterial, you will nedd prescription antibiotics. If its fungal, there are many otc options.
894210	My Depo-Provera was due on the 1st i missed the shot i had unprotected sex & i took the shot today on the 5th is there anyway chance i could of been pregnant?	You're probably OK Depo can be given up to 14 weeks after the previous shot. Usually its given every 12 weeks so your probably in the safe zone. If there is any doubt, check a pregnancy test in 2 weeks for peace of mind.
698861	My heart flutters occasionally, my left arm feels numb, my chest feels tight & begins to hurt & I have difficulty breathing. Heart problems?	Its possible Possible but unlikely at your age. What is your murmur from? Why do you take the listed medications and how much? There are quite a few things, some minimal and some serious that could do this but don't fool around with it let a doctor rule out the possible serious things.
1484508	Two days ago I started feeling fatigued, nausea and dizziness, this is constant. Headache on/off 9 days,  but have subsided or mild now. Not pregnant.	Prolonged fatigue Given how long the symptoms have persisted, I would strongly recommend that you seek medical attention soon for a physical exam as well as laboratory work-up. I also don't know why you are on antibiotics and if the infection is persistent.
1118203	Left sided neck pain, pain under left shoulder blades, occassional chest pain,  . Mri shows thin osteophyte complex between c4-5 & c5-6 . Heart sym?	Uncertain. Coronary pain occurs with exertion and is relieved with rest. Pleurisy (inflammation of lung's lining) causes pain with taking a deep breath. Pericarditis (inflammation of heart's lining) causes chest pain and pain along the left side of the neck along the trapezius muscle. Pain from c4-5 and c5-6 involves muscles from the neck (trapezius) down to the wrist. It merits a medical exam.
6724242	Stools float since October last year had test at doctors for my blood they said my pancreas and liver was ok but my stools are bulky and curved shape?	Stools float Usually my patient say they have stool that float suggest a malabsorption issues you're not absorbing the fat in your diet  that is entering into your stool causing it to float. You should be checked for a Malibsorbtion conditions such as ciliac disease
1568255	Could a cracked root canal tooth cause swollen lymph nodes? Had root canal 5 years ago, pain when chewing.	Dental Infection Yes, a cracked tooth or failing root canal could cause lymph node swelling. Go and see a dentist to have an evaluation before you get a serious infection or more pain.
6709588	I can feel pressure in the area of my infected tooth but no pain. Used up my antibiotics, is it safe to have it pulled out?	Tooth infection Yes, even in the presence of pain and inflammation, most times having a bad tooth pulled will quickly resolve these issues by getting rid of the source of the infection which is the rotten tooth. On occasion in te presence of a bad infection where anesthesia might now be effective for doing an extraction either an incision or drainage of the infection can be done prior to extraction
1035679	Once u conceive is there already hCG in ur body straight away? I had level of 5 over a wk ago after miscarriage. Had sex & today i hav a level of 2	Actually For most laboratories a beta HCG level of five or less is actually equivalent to zero. That's just how the lab test works iduring processing.
6754787	Itchy clustery rash on hands knees elbows and  feet that blister wen scratched?	Need Evaluation This can be a lot of things, first thing that comes to mind is pemphigus, a skin condition that blisters and if rubbed the skin can slough off. You could also have a skin infection or several other problems. You need a good dermatology evaluation.
840880	The other day the doctor just diagnose me with neoplastic etiologies after finding a complex cyts on my right parotid gland what does this means?	Most likely surgery Most likely you need surgery , simple biopsy is not done on parotid gland unlike other areas, if it is tumor will be left behind will cause more problems , or for fear of facial nerve injury , your doctor may observe or remove entire involved parotid lobe by dissecting away facial nerve , which is safe & relatively low risk procedure. Speak to your doctor.
509686	What are ways to treat knee dislocations without surgery?	PT and brace Physical therapy and bracing can be tried, but most knee dislocations will have ongoing instability requiring surgery.
1454805	7 days late. Neg preg test. Nausea, tender breasts and light cramping. No infection was tested. Could I still be pregnant? Will blood test confirm?	Unlikely If you did the test correctly and it was negative 7 days after a missed period, you are not likely to be pregnant. you may redo the test in 4-5 days.Use first morning urine and follow instructions for the test carefully. Blood test is more sensitive and you may see your doctor for one. It is more likely that your symptoms are due to hormonal imbalance.
6716238	I have yellow watery discharge and it hurts when urinating. I've had chlamydia but this discharge is different. Do you know what std I might have?	R/O VAGINITIS V UT SX May be a UTI VS Vaginitis the cause can be multifaceted you need full exam , UAC&S pelvic exam cultures/labs and STD SCREEN to determine diagnosis and treatment options. MONISTAT only treats yeast infectionFirst line normally Macrobid/Bactrim/Cipro. Seek prompt medical attention. Some peoe anatomical have shorter urethra/Frequent Sex/Kidney Stones can increase UTI frequency
1261389	5 weeks pregnant vaginal ultrasound showed no gestational sac only thickened lining with an hCG level of 824. Is all of this normal or is hCG to low?	Low This is a low HCG but with no gestational sac it is possible that you are not as far along as you think. If all is normal, the HCG should double in 2 days.
352476	Can a cavity in the wisdom tooth make tmd symptoms worse?	Yes Any local infection/inflammation like a cavity can make TMJ pain worse, although the joint itself is not affected. Treat the cavity and the TMj problem should settle back to it's baseline condition.
6679556	My throat has been sore for 4 days now very scratcy and a very bad dry cough and my neck is swollen and hurts when i touch it and my ears hurt as well?	Exam You must be examined and have a quick strpt test. This sounds like it may be a bacterial sore throat. Please call for an appintment or go to UC clinic.
363394	My breasts are swollen and sore has never happened before. My period is due today but i only have light pink/brown spotting when i wipe. Pregnant?	Pregnancy Certainly possible especially if you body is behaving differently. If sexually active home pregnancy test idicated.
1347320	Ringing in ears for years, getting worse. I can hear over sound sometimes and i can hear heart beat when laying down on side at times.  is it AVM?	Brain AVM It is unlikely that an intracranial (brain) arteriovenous malformation (AVM) is causing tinnitus as this is an uncommon symptom. Am MRI of the brain is a good screening test to determine if you have an AVM
857129	I had sexual intercourse june 30th. Ovulated the 29th. Bf ejaculated in me twice. Fertile days were jun 26th to jul 1st. Could i be pregnant?	Yes possible Get pregnancy test done will br positive by !nd wk or see your gyn doctor.
1595118	Can you donate blood if you are taking prescription medications?  Klonipin , cymbalta, 1 mg folic acid, singulair, qvar, Ventiolin , nasonex, latuda, trazodone, as well as Allegra, and a multivitamin .	Usually OK Medications usually do not disqualify you from donating blood. Sometimes the underlying conditions for which the medications are prescribed may be disqualifications. You should look at the redcrossblood.org website for additional detail If you are able, donating blood is a wonderful thing to do
721215	I am 5 weeks and 4 days pregnant and I am having cramps but no spotting or bleeding and also am losing the tenderness of my breast. Please what is hap?	Not sure You should have serial HCG testing and ultrasound done to ensure that you have a viable pregnancy.
264812	Had natural m c july 22 blood hCG was less than 5 on august 20 had little bit of spotting same day positive urine pregnancy test aug 29 could the spot?	Serum pregnancy test Serum pregnancy test is more reliable compared to urine pregnancy test. Consult with your OB gyn.
1381276	I have a bad sore throat, hard cough, yellow mucus, chest pains, shortness of breath, and fast pulse.	See a doctor Suggest you see ahealth care provider for examintion and appropriate treatment
1423747	Sharp pain on my chest and throat, frequent burping, ear pain and shortness of breath. What is this? Is this gerd?	It could be Most of your symptoms are compatible with GERD. GERD can cause burping, chest and throat burning or sharp pain, and occasional shortness of breath. I'm not sure the ear pain is related. That being said, there are other things that can cause chest pain. If you haven't already, you should see your doctor who can take a full history and examine you. Hope this helps!
1532931	I been feeling nausea all day and little dizzy I had cramps  very light and I have not miss period yet?	Hard to say If you have not missed a period yet I would not necessarily recommend home pregnancy testing yet as it may be too early to detect the pregnancy hormone. It's not totally abnormal for some people to have nausea,dizziness,and cramping as part of their premenstrual symptoms either regularly or sometimes.If you have had unprotected sex could get a blood HCG level if you can't wait till missed period.
766837	Having throbbing vessels, pressure and faint feeling in back of head. Cant sit up. Had mri/mra of brain and neck. Any other tests?	Blood pressure Measuring blood pressure in both arms while in different positions may provide some clues. Keep seeing your health care provider. A neurologist consultation may also be helpful.
6684274	Could hormone problems cause high blood pressure and excessive urination for 2 months? No bacteria in urine. Feel like peeing right after using toilet	See below You have acute urethral syndrome. Please read the following from the National Institutes of Health: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1503818/?page=2 Please pay special attention to the last 2 paragraphs (page 4) which discusses treatment.
388510	Is it possible that my period is missing/late because of a ruptured cyst and STD or is it a chance that i might be pregnant nov 8 - the first day of the worst period i ever had .Extreme cramping and vomited for the first time due to period .
Nov 11- ruptu	With With a negative pregnancy test you have identified two possibilities: the ruptured cyst and the chlamydia. Another strong possibility is that you are not ovulating or that the previous cyst has prevented you from ovulating. This may be a one-time issue but cysts can occasionally recur. I usually offer oral contraceptives to women who have had "the worst period" ever and those having unprotected intercourse to offer protection against an unwanted pregnancy.
1597819	Can panic attacks cause a stroke? Due to the rapid heart rate and blood pressure? Thanks!	Unlikely I know of no association between panic attacks and stroke.
6717965	Mom was prescribed celexa for anxiety but also given xanax to take only when she feels severe anxiety coming on. Does this seem reasonable?	Yes Not unusual when treating anxiety to take a long-acting medication like Celexa and also a short-acting medication like Xanax to use "as needed" for occasional severe anxiety attacks.
1419594	I had a tubal ligation 2in half years ago I am now having tingling in my breast slightly sore nausea throughout the day and light cramping am. I pregn?	Check A pregnancy test and you will know
1135276	I can't eat solid/semi-solid food 12 days after tonsillectomy & adenectomy, what to do?	Hang in there It hurts. I've seen it hurt for up to a month. But i think you'll notice some improvement in the next few days.
676769	Is a slight superior displaced meniscus root a diagnosis on a mri? What does that mean? Does it require surgery to fix? I am having extreme pain knee	Meniscal tear A displaces meniscal root means a meniscal tear. Most of the time this requires arthroscopic surgery to repair.
6689375	Burning aching stinging feeling around lower stomach after urinating or bowel movements urine normal straw color and clear had lap gallbladder  wk ago?	Return to surg With recent lap chol, need to go back to surgeon, get examined to make certain no "leaks" (fluid in lower abdomen) and make certain lab tests are okay. Shouldn't have lower abdominal pain at this point after lap chole.
771121	What does angelina jolie's brca test, double mastectomy and oophorectomy mean for the average woman?	Reducing Cancer Risk Ms. Jolie's example will hopefully inform women at higher risk for breast or ovarian cancer to know there are options to consider to one, lower their personal risk, and two to take back some control for their own health when it comes to these very unfair cancers that strike women in their primes.
6639776	I had a bad stomach flu 2 weeks ago, and ever since I have had a pain in my right upper thigh/groin area. Femoral area but no hernia lump. Infection?	Hernias if you were coughing and straining it could be a hernia. The challenge is that a sac may not be palpable but you still could have a hernia. You will need a good exam by a doctor. Hope this helps.
285475	My son has 3 mosquito bites on his arm by his elbow. Its the 3rd day & the redness, swelling has spread, has tingling in hand & blisters are started?	May not be bites This doesn't sound like bites. Could be some sort of contact dermatitis, like from poison oak or ivy, or something else entirely. Take him in to have it checked. It's especially concerning that he has tingling in his hand. Maybe he has shingles? It's pretty rare in a child, but could happen.
6726871	I have swollen throat glands for almost 2 weeks.  headache without cough or fever, given amoxycillin 2000mg no difference after 3 days should i worry?	Swollen lymph nodes Usually if you have swollen throat glands for a two weeks you may need to be checked for infectious mononucleosis. You did not say how long you have been treated with the amoxicillin. You need to follow-up with your doctor.
360427	I just had surgery sat for a kidney stone they did  lis. Where they broke it in peices and put a stent in how long should I pee dark blood?	Blood A clot can take a week or longer to dissolve if thats the cause. With a stent in place blood can be seen on and off till a few weeks after its out.
6721013	I've been washing my itchy, sore, scalp with dandruff shampoos and dermarest shampoo. My scalp still itches. Why?	Dermatology If it's bothering you that much, and what you have appropriately tried has not worked, consider a dermatology consultation. They may be able to come up with a diagnosis, and treatment plan. Hope this helps!
1043440	My first ultrasound for pregnancy doc told me there is a nondevelop sac of 4 weeks shd b 6 weeks i went through hCG level its in rang of 5to 6 weeks.	Possible miscarriage This may be a miscarriage but it is difficult to know for sure this early. You can follow the HCG level for the short term (it should double every 2 to 3 days) and then repeat the sonogram in about a week to clarify the situation.
1323262	What do you recommend if I had wisdom teeth xrays taken couple days ago, lowr right area very sore, hurts wen eating/drinking. wut to do?	X-rays X-rays are diagnostic tools, 2dimensional representations of 3 dimensional objects. They don't treat anything, just gives the doctor a different look. Call your Dentist, request Rx or referral to Specialist for Rx. No need to suffer, call now.
1331973	My sister just got diagnosed with liver cirrhosis from years of drinking and abusing prescription medication.  Does it ALWAYS lead to liver cancer?	No cirrhosis can be caused by many situations and alcoholic hepatitis leading to cirrhosis is not uncommon. this can be a fatal situation. she needs to follow her physician orders. she will benefit from a rehab so that she can stop drinking and drugging. continued drinking alcohol and cirrhosis is a fatal combination. immediately stop using/drinking and needs help now to help her stop.
648587	What does it mean if u have protein++ in urine but blood pressure is not high?	Proteinuria Proteinuria is generally a sign of kidney disease. It can be present without hypertension. Sometimes its a lab error though, so should be rechecked.
1312660	Hubby diagnosed with shingles, I've never had chicken pox, do I need to get vaccinated?	Yes Shingles can cause chicken pox when in contact with someone who was not had the disease I would recommend you see your health care provider and discuss getting vaccinated very soon
6774349	Right calf muscle pain and twitching right arm feet tingling and pain shortness of breath pain in chest area diziness light headedness is it ALS or ms?	Doubt it you have a variety of symptoms which I cannot categorize with one diagnosis. This is where you should see your physician, get clarification, possibly see a neurologist, or other consultants to help clarify your symptoms.
6712710	3weeks 1day since ovulation, HCG level was 8100. Was only able to see a gestional sac on transvaginal u/s, no yolk sac or fetal pole. Is this normal?	Yes At that level of HCG one would likely not see anything but a gestational sac.
1375225	Does this sound like RA?  Sed rate 28, ANA 1:40 and flu like symptoms with joint pain, hand, feet, neck, thumb, heels? Neg RF at 10	No If present for less than a couple of weeks, more like a viral infection. If present for more than a month, then you will need to get checked out for other conditions. Why are you on Plaquenil?
548586	Why does one of my testicles have little pea sized balls on it?	PEA SIZED LUMP Most likely an epididymal head cyst but the covering of the testis itself can have cystic masses on it called tunica albuginia cysts. Get them checked.
1293016	Yesterday i noticed a burning throbbing pain in my thigh, not constant. On birth control and worried about blood clots. No redness swelling or warmth?	See a doctor This question can only be answered by a doctor visit. Please make an appointment asap.
1376139	I'm 16. I am on my second period in a month.  I use birth control as contraceptive. I have been sexually active in the past month. could I be pregnant?	Check Your Pill Pack Please check your pill pack to make sure you have not missed any pills. Missing your pills will increase your chances of getting pregnant and also making your periods irregular. If you have not missed any pills, then you will not get pregnant as long as you have taken your pills on time daily. If you continue to have irregular periods on your third pack, please contact your doctor.
959898	Something is coming out of my breasts. I have pregnancy symptoms and feel movements in my stomach. But i'm on the Depo-Provera shot, so what could it be?	Could Could be pregnancy, or could just be gas. Depot is not 100%. Nothing is other then abstinence. Take a pregnancy test. These symptoms could also be related to your menstrual cycle.
1475368	CSF IgG is 2.6, CSF Albumin is 28, CFS IgG/Albumin Ratio is 9%. Could this indicate MS or Lyme Disease if clinically the symptoms fit?	Maybe, maybe not The IgG/albumin index also depends on serum IgG/albumin drawn at the same time as the CSF, and can be elevated in MS or other inflammatory demyelinating diseases such as neurosyphillis, acute inflammatory polyradiculoneuropathy, and subacute sclerosing panencephalitis. Many factors are needed for a diagnosis. See a neurologist for evaluation. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6851088
1570222	Mild pain and blood in urine for 1 day. Urine culture shows protein but no bacteria growth. Blood test for kidneys came back normal. What is this?	Nephritis Blood and protein in urine does not have to be only with infection. Several other reasons could cause it. Eg kidney stone, glomeruli nephritis, FSGS etc etc. see a neohrologist
903094	I'm 17 weeks pregnant. I drink dunkin donuts coffee once a week.Is that okay. I know caffeine in large consumptions is bad?	Okay So long as no high blood pressure or other cardiovascular conditions that would Prohibit use, 200mg or less of caffeine okay. Enjoy!
1534696	Lots of gas, bloating and green stools. Am taking a multi vitamin, the occasional antacid and codfish oil. Could these be causing the green stools?	Likely basis either things you are eating or malabsorption with bile in stool & rapid transit. If you are not digesting fats well; fats in the colon feed colonic bacteria resulting in gas & floating fecal material. Forget the multivitamin http://goo.gl/hTgfHM, antacid likely irrerelvant, codfish (like other oils) ? not being digested/absorbed. Both experiment & find someone worthy of you trust to help sort out issues
876224	My report is fibroid of 5cm in posterior uterine wall uterus measures 11 1 CM is it necessary to remove the uterus ?	Depends Most fibroids that are 5 cm can be removed with a myomectomy ( removal of the fibroid only ) as opposed to removing the uterus. A small fibroid tgat foes not cause symptoms can be followed without surgery. Your obgyn can discuss those different option with you.
876221	Mu aunty age 42 years old  complains of abdominal pain and fullness, her urine contains blood sometimes and her stool is black and solid, kindly help.	Go to the Hospital I believe your aunt should be seen urgently. Any adult with black stool and also feeling ill has an emergency. Dying from a GI bleed is very possible. Please encourage her to get medical care today.
868591	Can extremely tight jeans cause DVT (blood clots) in legs?	They shouldn't As long as you are not constantly crossing your legs the y sort of act like compression stockings. If your legs feel heavy after wearing them for some time. You maybe impending venous return so take them off and see if your legs feel better.
6614173	After my period ends, I get a really sore tender spot on the back of my head.  It hurts to touch.  It lasts a few days, goes away until the next month?	THAT'S DEFINITELY a NEW ONE !!!!! I don't have the slightest idea what is causing this but look forward to my Health Tap Colleagues to opine! Dr Z
1516325	Right arm sore weak and hurt when i bend my arm my hand/fingers go numb forarm swollen a bit what's going on?	Need more info Did you have an injury? Having any signs of infection? Are these new changes or have they been developing for a while? Your pain, numbness & swelling are significant, & are reasons to be concerned. I recommend you see a clinician as soon as you can. Hope that helps.
1156995	I had unprotected sex two days before my period ended. Now its been 5 days and I have white cloudy sticky ordorless discharge.  Can i be pregnant?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
515434	My breast leak milk & are sore. Does anything else besides being pregnant causes this? I'm on Depo-Provera shot	Several reasons Excessive breast stimulation, underactive thyroid, overactive pituitary--these are some of the reasons for leaking breast milk (galactorrhea). Best to be seen by a doctor.
284129	I have a lymph node at the back of my neck I pierced my ears less than a week ago and I am also experiencing a swollen tonsil .?	Probably from ear If the lymph node in the back of your neck is tender, it may represent the first line of defense of your immune system. The more likely source of the infection is from the pierced ear. Tonsil infection does not produce a lymph node in the back of your neck but in the upper front of the neck. Make sure your pierced ear site is not infected.
1444812	Itchy scrotum for three months, no redness or rash. Unprotected oral sex around that time, but was recently tested for STDs and tested negative?	Scrotal itching Common non-STD causes of scrotal itching include eczema, psoriasis, jock itch (tinea cruris), candida (fungal) infection. If you have any eczema and psoriasis lesions in your body elsewhere then this may be the culprit in your scrotum as well. Otherwise, it is best to maintain good scrotal hygeine and keep the area dry. If the itching does not resolve in 2-3 days, then I recommend a physician eval
1422617	If a guy and a girl goes into a sexual activity with undergarments and pre-cum was present will it cause pregnancy?	Health Class No. Sperm have to be deposited INSIDE of the vagina. They do not swim through clothes or across skin.
1154224	History of chronic pid, distal blockage both tubes, usually light period 13-18th jan, fatigued, nausea, dizziness, negative hpt, pain in right ovary?	See a gynecologist Although this may be an ovarian cyst, other problems may be present. Having had your period a tubal pregnancy is less likely, but it sounds as if there is an ongoing inflammatory process in your pelvis. You need to be seen, examined and tested appropriately, and this may include imaging studies (ultrasound, etc.) good luck.
6734056	Can I use the "it works" "greens" while breast feeding? I noticed It has white willow bark in it? It's a form of aspirin	No The best advice when breast feeding is to avoid, as much as possible, anything that is not a natural food. This would include medication, herbal and mineral products etc. Consult your pediatrician if you feel you need to take a supplement, herb or medication.
1329168	What would cause 1 sharp, 5 second, deep pain in chest to the left of sternum?No other symptoms.Chronic upper back pain.fear cardiac.PCP says heart ok	Muscular? Often, sharp, brief pains in the chest are due to strained ligaments or joints In chest wall where rib joins to breast bone, called costochondritis. When you bend, turn, deep breathe, or cough this can cause brief stabbing pain. Usually heat to area and Advil or aleve can help. If pain continues to occur, or gets worse, or you get short of breath or other symptoms, see doctor again. Good luck!
100434	What could be the cause of the swelling between my neck and shoulder? Is that a place for lymph nodes?	Could be Lymph nodes are all over the body. You cannot feel most of them but the head and neck area have many which can be felt and that shallow pocket above your collarbone is one area where they are appreciated. There are, however, other causes for swelling and depending upon your symptoms, if this doesn't go away see your doctor.
502956	I just started celexa 40 mg 4 days ago.  My anxiety has increased the last couple of days.  Can i take Xanax to take the edge away and calm me down?	No When we start treatment of anxiety we start with 5mg, may be 10 mg and we titrate up to 20mg ( 5mg every 6 days) . Then we observe and asses as we go. Most people eventually need at least 40 mg daily to regulate their anxiety. I totally don't recommend xanax, if absolutely necessary, then Klonopin can start at 0.25mg am and pm. May up to total of 0.5mg twice daily.
1000543	Will swelling after knee replacement surgery go down?	Yes It takes several months but eventually swelling after total joint replacement does subside and, if the surgery was done well, the knee feels better than ever. Of course in the early postoperative period, the first few months, i would also be concerned about the development of blood clots. Any significant swelling of the extremity should immediately constipation to report to the emergency room for a lower extremity ultrasound to rule out any clots in the leg. These can be life-threatening.
863810	If sore throat was HIV sign would it ever be by itself or always be accompanied by a fever&rash? Also have slight cough/no thrush/no fever/no rash. ?	HIV A sore throat by itself is not a a sign of hiv. If you are concerned you were exposed to HIV you should get tested. Testing can be done anonymously at many state health departments so if you are worried better to be tested and find out. The signs of HIV may not always be easy for you to tell without testing for the virus.
174861	Can I have a mastectomy without removing the nipple?	Yes withreservations Nipple saving mastectomy is often done in brca 1 or2 (genetically positive) patients(before cancer diagnosis) or in any patients withdcis or small- less than approx. 2 cm cancers- all at least 2 cm away from areola margin , no extensive dcis, no blood vessel invasion, no skin-muscle invasion .... No clinically positive lymph nodes under arm.But bra -cup size-must be: a or b cup, or not ptotic c cup.
6645936	I have had a dark red raised bump on my back for about 2 months -  looks like a combination of a pimple and blood blister. Could this be skin cancer?	Skin lesion Any lesion on the skin that has increased in size or changed in appearance should be evaluated by your doctor. If it has changed it should be removed.
1533519	Hi doc..

I havr a:

Lumbar Spondylosis
Oaravertebral muscle spasm
Sacralized LV5
Narrow L4/L5 disc

Please help because It really hurts..	Can't help in this- -venue, but a spine surgeon is someone who can. Make an appointment 2 B Cn.
679272	Breast and lowerstomach discomfort, yellowish discharge no smell no itchiness.Only fingering. 13 days away from due period. Pregnant? Im 18	Maybe Anything is possible, best way to know for sure is a urine or blood pregnacy test.
1401716	I mentioned earlier about chest pains and got answer as anxiety! I also har pains n left arm and down left side of neck! EKG and e go normal. Ideas?	Real sensations Real sensations of pain are caused by effects of stress hormones and chronic inflammation from an Anxiety Disorder. That's a reason to deal w/ it ASAP. Over time actual tissue/organ damage occurs. Don't feel dismissed when a provider says it's not your heart - it's anxiety. This is good! So far, your heart has not been damaged. Do deal w/ anxiety. A CBT therapist can teach skills and add Rx PRN.
526678	What's the difference between the looks of a pimple to herpes?  I'm getting them on my chest and my four head and all over. Red with out white heads	Mucous membranes Herpes simplex occurs on mucous membranes. Herpes-zoster occurs on specific areas of skin in a nerve root distribution. Random pimples probably aren't herpes. Herpes lesions always have a blister in the middle of them early in the eruption. Then they crust over. Only way to be sure is to have an examination. See your doctor.
1208838	Left hand elbow pain. Doctors told its tennis elbow. No relief by their medicines.	Depends on what Medicines they are giving you. Tennis elbow is a pretty easy diagnosis as long as the doc as musculoskeletal experience. The next step after anti-inflammatory meds could be an injection, of either anti-inflammatory med like steroids, or prolo-therapy, which some believe can strengthen the damaged and chronic inflamed tendons. Try bracing as well, as this can help, as well as modifying behaviors.
262943	I was diagnosed with staph about 5 years ago. I had so many bumps and spots that my dr didn't think it could be staph but it tested positive. I still get the bumps which are very sore. When they bust it's a yellow fluid then turns to blood and clear. When	Derm See your dermatologist for treatment and evaluation. You probably need antibiotics. Also bleach bath may help.
1452771	Left arm is numb having difficulty breathing and I had chest pain last night don't have any today?	Despite the fact that you are young, would still recommend emergent medical evaluation.
1049208	Is there a difference between stress-related chest/ arm discomfort and exercise-related chest heaviness and a choking sensation in the throat?	Hard to tell Stress can mimic cardiac symptoms. If your experiencing them related to exertion i would be more concerned about heart related issues. Either way chest pain needs to be taken seriously. Please get it checked asap.
6726537	I had a miscarriage in October 13 ,then get rhogam within 72 hrs. now i am 29 weeks pregnent ... should i take rhogam?	Yes please prophylactic dose at 28 weeks gestation and within 72 hours of delivery and / or miscarriage
238421	Can the side effect of hepatitis a n b vaccination be lower back pain followed by dizziness? If so, how to treat lower back pain? Hard to move atm.	Do Not Think So That side effect has not been reported(or seen by me).
730774	2 failed lateral releases in 8 months/dislocations  .& tears. Shallow trochler groove. Total knee or patellar realignment? Medial pain  full thicartil	Depends If there is arthritis present, you would probably do best with a total knee. You also may need a patellar realignment which can be done at the same time if necessary. If there is not arthritis, see someone who does a lot of patellofemoral treatments. Surgery to repair this can be challenging.
381684	Pain in my arms. I keep having pain in my arms more in my right then left. It starts at the shoulder, then moves on to the elbow then finally my hands. I also lose feeling in my hands, sometimes.  Its been going on for over a week.	You You may have problems to your cervical spine. Seek care as soon as possible.
228966	What can I do to reduce the swelling of my bee stings?	Bee stings Clean area w soap & warm water. Apply ice in 10 min. increments (10 on/10 off). Can try Tylenol, aspirin or motrin for pain or Benadryl for swelling. Make paste of 2 parts baking soda & 1 part water & apply. Need tetanus shot every 10 years. Throat, airway, mouth swelling or difficulty breathing? Call 911!
1557571	Diarrhea 7 days stools yellow water, smell like skunk. Tried clear fluids BRAT diet  last night up10x's + No blood, no vomit, no fever. Drinking. Help?	Need to see someone At this point, you need to have stool culture and be started on treatment. Have you tried any over the counter Imodium to see if that diarrhea resolve? Any history of GI problems? So you have to go and see someone since the diarrhea is lasting more than 72 hours.
1000766	Beer gives me diarrhea. Celiac disease?	UNLIKELY It is very unlikely that only symptom you have is diarrhea when you drink beer.If you have other symptoms check with your doctor.
1228913	Can you get a bakers cyst in both knees? And is rest the only option? I have been told it due to arthritis but no scan or xrays done?	Yes , possible But usually seen on one side , baker cyst(s) is caused by some internal derangement inside the knee joint , like arthritis , meniscus , or ligamental injury , causing secretion of synovial fluid , almost like a ganglion cyst in the wrist , if you have arthritis rest will help you , ask your doctor and complete the tests
6762560	I have red itchy bumps on my arms and neck recently changed bed covers what are they from?
Also have a cluster of small bumps on knee theyre very red	Hard to say but one would suspect something from the new bedspread might be the cause- although it may have nothing to do with it at all. If you have put away the new bedspread and continue to have the skin rash more than a week after, consider seeing a dermatologist. In the meanwhile, try topical hydrocortisone cream.
280804	Can you ovulate 4 days before your period? I had unprotected sex 4 days before and now im having stomach aches and i'm 3 days late, am I pregnant?	Possible It's not impossible but would be pretty unusual. The only way to know if you are pregnant is to do a tets, a home test should be fine.
634225	I got 1 Depo-Provera shot after it expire my breast sore, spotting brown, negative pregnancy test. Is it sign getting Depo-Provera out system?	Not likely Depoprovera is one of the most effective forms of birth control as long as you get the shot every 3 months as directed. Irregular or absent periods are an expected side effect. Failure rates are 1-3%. After stopping it your cycles may take awhile to go back to normal. If you sexually active restart it or use another method.
907331	What wood cause chest pain dead center of chest feels more like muscle but not sure. My heart feels racy and resting pulse is is mid 90's rite now?	Irregular heart beat It sounds like you are experiencing symptomatic palpitations, and you need to be evaluated. You should have an ekg done, also a heart ultrasound (echocardiogram) to assess your overall heart function and valves, and you may need to wear a holter monitor for 24 hours to look for abnormal heartbeats. These tests check the heart's structure and electrical system, either can cause your symptoms.
872300	Have these pains n my head that come a lot but they don't last long enough to make me have to take something 4 them but its often  had mra, ct, MRI norm?	Imaging not common If i understand your question, it would not be normal to have an mri/mra/ct for frequent headaches in a 20 year old female. If your headaches were becoming progressively worse over weeks to months and not responsive to treatment i would consider an MRI to look for secondary causes. You may be interested in the clinical algorithm: https://www.Icsi.Org/_asset/qwrznq/headache.Pdf.
1126093	I have a pain in my throat half way down on the right hand side when i swallow, i'm tired but no other symptoms. My tonsils are not swollen or sore but do have white lumps on them?	Tonsillitis White areas on the tonsils with soreness in the throat means tonsillitis which could be due to a viral infection, strep or infectious mono. Have a throat culture at least to check for strep which should be treated with appropriate antibiotics.
6703426	My penis head tingling and sharp pain and also burn during urination since 11 months. urine infection 4-6, Lyrica is helpful some time. for just pain ?	Urinary discomfort You should see a Urologist for further evaluation & treatment of an underlying cause. Urine infections are uncommon in men & thus warrant further evaluation. Would also need to consider a weakened immune system, not allowing for you to clear & prevent infections. Treatment should focus on the underlying cause as opposed to just symptomatic treatment. Hope this was helpful.
259970	How long after tonsillectomy do you have to worry about the possibility of ear pain?	3 to 6 wks You can get ear infection after tonssilectomy or you can get eustachian tube dysfunction.
181764	What is the main difference  between vascular dementia and alzheimer's disease?	Vascular vs. Alzheim Alzheimer is diagnosis by exclusion, when other physiologica causes are ruled out, vascular is by abnormality in blood system suchas high blood pressure or stroke, etc.
1465906	My husband inserted only the head of his penis into my vagina around two weeks ago, and I have sore breast now. Could I be pregnant?	Yes, it's possible yes that is possible.
515430	Transvag u/s at 7wk3d today showed 24*9*14 and a yolk sac but, no fetal pole. B-hcg at 6wk4d  26000. Im v worried cuz spotting for past 1 wk?	Could be OK The average sac diameter at your last exam was 15. 7mm. Just seeing a yolk sac for that size sac could be ok. You might be a little less far along than you thought. A repeat ultrasound in a week would confirm presence or absence of fetal life. A repeat serum HCG showing an appropriate rise would also suggest progression of the pregnancy. Good luck. Let me know how things work out.
1465905	Feel like I'm getting a sinus infection face,head hurt, nose is swollen on left side, lip is swollen, face feels hot and puffy n sore? What can I do?	Visit your doctor Please see your ENT doctor to be evaluated and treated for what sounds to be sinus iinfection, as you wrote. If you have fever, be seen today. Feel better. (If you can not see your physician, see your local clinic or Emergency Room>)
1577901	Had unprotected sex during ovulation. Had light bleeding/spotting red/pink no clots for 5 days a week before period. Diarrhea and cramps day of period?	Period? If you got your period then you are not likely pregnant.
285540	Biopsy shows spitz nevus cells under another type of benign mole. Melenoma can't be ruled out yet. Can melanoma grow under a benign mole?	Yes-depending on ? Melanomas can be found growing adjacent or next to benign moles. Not really "under". Not sure if this is what you are asking.
1366889	Had 2 weeks of RS numbness hand, foot and mouth went away then right to vertigo for 3 weeks now and Pins needles head and RS face off and on. Ideas?	Please see neurologi Numbness only on one side of the body followed by vertigo should be evaluated by a neurologist. When you see your neurologist, it is helpful to separate the general term numbness into the neurological terms of "less feeling than normal" (like when you get dental work done and you cannot feel it) and "more feeling than normal" (like the buzzing and pins feeling when you cross your legs too long).
1285479	White spots on tonsils, doesn't hurt, no bad breath, negative for strep and mono. Swollen neck glands, been treated multiple ways but never went away.	See ENT you need to have a diagnosis so you can be treated properly. See an ENT for an evaluation
406546	My viginal walls are peeling is this normal if i tried sex  for the first time? It sort of itches too is it normal?	It It is very difficult to say without actually examining you. However, it does sound like a possible yeast infection. The best thing to do is see your doctor for a complete evaluation and testing as deemed necessary. All the best.
56143	It started with swollen glands, fatigue , oral thrush, . had CT of head and neck, chest. Now have enlarged thyroid and choking sensation.?	Labs I'm not seeing lab results, sounds like much of this can be explained by thyroid disorder, but need labwork to evaluate for this, auto-immunue, and other issues, be sure to follow up with your doctor closely until issues are explained and resolved.
527235	My period  late for 6 days and I am having frequent headache, my urine test negative. I some times feel tired and dizzy.Am i pregnant?	Possibly Take another home pregnancy test. They turn positive within 72 hours before the start of your expected period. If it's negative, repeat in 1 week.
6630830	Wisdom tooth cavity. NO PAIN in tooth but swelling in back of tooth along jaw. Ear & jaw discomfort. Mucosa sensitive. Can cavity cause this? Scared:(	Possible you need to see the dentist
6651472	Pressure on back of head were bone is and too of head, headache around front face, ears feel clogged, jaw line hurts, fatigue sometimes dizzy. 
?	New headache Headaches can be a concerning symptom and can have many causes. Some are deserving of emergent treatment. Warning signs are chronic headaches that suddenly change in quality or intensity, multiple headaches a week, new onset headaches that affect one's ability to function, associated vomiting, associated dizziness/double vision/neck ache/fever/weakness, or the need to take daily pain medication.
628172	Had tubal ligation 9 months ago, but am now experiencing signs of pregnancy-queasy, emotional, breast sore, cramping for a week. Can i be pregnant?	Take a test You should take a home pregnancy test. Pregnancy is unlikely but not impossible. If the test is positive see your doctor right away because there is increased risk of a tubal pregnancy.
486288	Im 12w pregnant now & my recent rubella result:
igg +ve 27
igm equivocal 1.15
i never had any rash / fever during my pregnancy. Is my baby safe?	Probably Early in pregnancy babies will generally miscarry or be fine. Not all babies will have congenital rubella and the fact you didn't get sick and have good igg if a good sign; the igm is likely a "red herring", it isn't part of the usual screening anyway, just the igg; good luck, it should be fine.
1181132	I am pregnant, and have a sore throat, ear fullness/throbbing/pain, headache, body weakness bad cough, nausea and coughing up mucus. What is it?	Sick with cough You have an acute illness that may be influenza or other infection. You should call your OB to report this and not take any medication without your obs consent. Meanwhile stay hydrated, sip hot water with honey and some lemon, stay in bed, keep warm.
282407	I am on birth control, and I have had this thick yellow vaginal discharge for a very long time. I have no itchiness or burning! is this normal?	Leucorrhea Yes.
583333	Took pt after late but not missed period and test was negative, one ot two weeks later I am havin slight lower abdominal pain could i be pregnant?	Trust the test Home pregnancy tests are very accurate. They are the same tests used in a doctors office. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period. If you doubt the result you can repeat it in 1-2 days. If you were pregnant the hormone level would rise enough for detection.
1420978	May have a gall bladder issue, can't get in to a specialist for/month.  Worried it could burst.  Severe rib cage pains.  Lipase was elevated 2 wks ago?	Get checked again You need to get an Ultrasound and some blood work done to ensure it is not acute cholecystitis(emergency) as opposed to just biliary colic(non emergency) . If your pain is severe, fever, nausea and vomiting are present, then I suggest go to the ER . Only you know if your symptoms are worse . Alternatively , Your primary care provider can order these tests as an outpatient .
598266	Hi just of hospital after suffering minor head injury getting headaches minor dizziness +pressure in head should I go back or is tha normal.	More info needed Did you get a head ct or MRI when you were in the hospital? If these symptoms are new or if they are getting worse compared to when you were in the hospital, yes go back. If any of the following: headache is constant, associated with nausea, vomiting, gets worse when you bend down, strain, cough or sneeze, go to the er immediately. If you are not sure, err on the safe side and go back for checkup.
1458766	1 week after period got sore nipples, it's been a week & now sore breasts. Been on bcp for 1yr, partner always uses withdrawal. NOT normal PLS HELP ?	Hmm Are the nipples sore and red from trauma, (rubbing, chaffing or biting) if so please get checked by your doctor for an exam and more answers.
978861	I've had a mark just below my eye for around 4 to 5 months now. It looks like I've popped a spot as its always red but has no head and its not sore?	See an Eye MD It could be a benign growth. It may be wise to have it biopsied. You should see your eye md.
1358702	Didn't go back to nurse in january for Depo-Provera provera shot (didnt agree with me) its june and still no period or spotting. Normal?	Are you pregnant? Are you pregnant?
343846	I have sore stiff joints in my hands, fingers, wrists, feet, and toes. Could it be rhumitoid arthritis?	Any # of things Joint pain can result from a number of different reasons. I would seek the attention of an orthopedic foot and ankle surgeon. One in your area can be found at www.Aofas.Org.
1474101	Yellow stool, no liver, no gallbladder problems.  No diarrhea.  No pain.  Nothing.  Just Yellow stool.  1 - 2 bowel movements a day. Malabsorption?	Maybe normal Stool can be a variety of colors. May just be due to diet. See your doctor if you are concerned regarding malabsorption.
6671838	Very painful cramp from upper right to lower left abdomen for over 3-4 weeks, iffy stools, gas buildup, recently seeing bloody mucus, what's going on?	See provider Please see your health provider for evaluation and likely a colon evaluation
1426532	Knee cap tingling. Burning bottom of foot along with sore thighs. Could this be a dvt?	Unlikely Those symptoms are unlikely to be a DVT. However, DVTs present in many strange ways and an ultrasound ordered by your doctor is the only way to be sure.
6689822	Had sex 4/3 
Took plan B 4/5
Had unprotected sex 4/10
Found out I'm pregnant 4/17

Did the plan b work? Or this is due to the 2nd sexual encounter ?	Not possible to tell Depending on your HcG levels and the sensitivity of the test it is possible to get a positive test 7 days after conception. So, with that fact, it is impossible to tell from the information you have given which encounter led to the pregnancy. An early U/S MAY give a better "guess" but this is something you may never know. If male partner was different - then paternity testing would be advised.
1514141	I feel unwell most of time, either it be sick, dizzy/lightheaded, pressure in head, pains in chest, I don't feel the same as I used to about 1 yearago?	Rest, exercise PCP There are many medical reasons that can cause your symptoms. In general a 22 yo female feeling of "well being" can be enhanced with a good nutritional diet, exercise and and good sleeping habits. You should limit alcohol consumption, don't smoke and eliminate recreational drugs use. A regular schedule visit to your PCP with a serum chemistry, thyroid and anemia panel are advise.
104119	Pain behind eyes and headeache, tight neck, on and off earaches, can sinus infection cause tight neck?	No Your symptoms suggest a serious disease meningitis. Do you have fever? I suggest you see a doctor promptly.
1426534	I have Exposed With sexual intercourse, After 35th day i had RNA test of HIV its negative, my lymp Count is 40(20-40) and mono is 2(2-8) tell me risk?	Need more info The tests that you indicate except the HIV are not giving us enough information about your health. You need to return to your primary care physician for more testing. He/she knows you best and can after a through exam and more blood testing give you an accurate answer.
1429376	Is it possible to become pregnant if u insert wet cum (just ejaculated sperm) with finger into vagina on a fertile day 2-3 days before ovulation?	Pregnancy It is possible to conceive inserting sperm in the way. Sperm live for a maximum of 3 days in the female tract.. If you are late I suggest a home urine test for pregnancy.
960780	If one can't sleep without trazodone, but can sleep with trazodone, does that count as sleeping? Have hang over for long while after waking up	Trazodone hungover Not uncommon after effect from Trazodone. Talk to your doctor about other alternatives for sleep.
6762381	Cough, headache, sore throat, running nose, no fever, what to do?	Maybe strep, etc... Nose and throat symptoms can be from cold viruses, strep throat, allergies, etc. .. It can be difficult to tell what the cause is. If symptoms only last 1-2 days, it was likely allergies, irritation, or a mild cold. Doctors have rapid 5-minute tests for strep, so a primary care doctor can diagnose strep and start antibiotics "right away", which means within the first 3 days of strep symptoms.
1273179	Chest pain across breasts and shortness of breath. I've had a norm stress test, echo and EKG two months ago. Serious heart issues ruled out?	Non cardiac pain It is important to see if pain is reproducible by pressing where it hurts. If it is reproducible it is usually chest wall pain, inflammation under skin. In females fibrocystic change is common which is a flare of cysts that are under the skin and are benign. Try an ultrasound of the breast to confirm. Ibuprofen will improve pain and avoid coffee, cokes, chocolate etc.
1391605	I have one round varicose vein on the backside of my knee and I'm having pain  in the back of the leg above it, no color change. I'm worried?	Venous doppler to rule out clot or phlebitis- do not ignore these symtoms.
1123920	Did see a doc, i had a little cough that brings greenwich mater, sore throat, no fever, not tired, no chills, she diagnose a pneumonia whitout xray?	The diagnosis of Pneumonia is made by x-ray/ct, so u have a point. Discus further with your doctor.
6744976	FDA recently stated non-aspirin NSAID can increase risk of heart attack and stroke. As a user of Advil, I take 400mg a few times a week or less for headache, some weeks not at all. Should I worry?	No regular high dose and with other diseases are at high risk.
104198	Is a big prostate the only reason for experiencing urinary hesitancy & weaker urine stream ?	Urine symptoms Prostate can cause this, so can bladder issues. ..See urologist.
1040742	I'm 24 years old, I have never been pregnant. Within the last year or so my period symptoms are getting worse. Tender breasts, bloatedness, cramps. Y?	Menses and breasts This could be symptoms of a problem and you should see a gynecologist for exam and if needed blood work. Could be just your hormones but you should be seen.
558891	Complex w daughter cyst r ovary, hd l4-5 & l5-s1, now  its hard to urinate. Cant when i get up, I have to drink then try later & push hard then i can ?	Doctor can evaluate Difficulty urinating can be a sign of nerve compression when a person already knows she has disc herniation in her spine. That means one should not wait, but should get checked out by a neurologist or at an E.R.
323259	My 17 month old daughter has a oblong, hard swollen lymph node behind her ear, as well as others on the neck and groin. She also only weighs 9.2kg?	Lymphadenopathy The combination of swollen lymph nodes and failure to thrive needs an evaluation by a specialist. See a pediatric hematology/oncologist.
1227870	On most my pubic hair on where the hair starts @, there are little red dots. They are making that area itchy. What's going on?	Dermatitis or Foliculitis so see your doctor for diagnosis and treatment.
552658	Constantly feeling sick, headaches, hot flushes, faint, dizzy, abdominal pain. How do I treat this?	Hydration The most important thing you can do is maintain hydration. That should help you get over the illness.
1522513	Is there a birth control pills that helps with acne and has no sexual side effect?	Yes (kind of) In general, pills with higher estrogen and lower androgen potency will help with acne, such as Yaz, Ortho-Tri Cyclen, and Ortho Evra (others include Demulen, Brevicon, Modicon, Necon, and Mircette). As for sexual side effects, although OCPs may decrease androgens (thought to be important in libido), the particular pill doesn't seem to matter, nor do higher estrogen concentrations.
1116170	I have 1 small red bump on the side (ring) on my penis and i was sexually active 2 months ago and and noticed this 3 weeks ago. No itch or puss?	See pcp For exam ; blood studies, if negative get consult dermatologist.
6668615	Can i take tramadol and advil together?	Yes, you can there is n drug interactions between these drugs. However, do not start a new medication without telling your doctor, even OTC advil.
6760466	I have pain only in my feet.  Had MRI of Lumbar shows L5-S1 broad disc buldge  and l4-l5.  Have had pain for 18+ months.  Meds don't help. Surgery?	Foot pain. We should be looking for a source of pain in your distal leg and feet rather than in the spine. You may want to see a specialist in neurology or physiatry or even podiatry. Surgery would only be done to correct an anatomic abnormality that produces symptoms.
918498	Double tooth abscess treated with antib face neck swelling 3teeth need to be pulled no insurance jst health severe pain and slight swelln returned?	Abscess and swelling Although on antibiotics, delaying definitive treatment can be dangerous. Check out local dental school(s) to see if you can be seen there, if not contact the local dental society and ask them to recommend a dentist who may do the work for a reduced fee. Not having dental insurance is a poor excuse for postponing treatment. Ask dr. For a cash discount--.Approx cost $500-750.
1582674	20 month minor fall on head, vomited 2-3 times  next hr. Runny nose &virus too. Acts normal. Rushed to ER, didn't sit still for CT scan. Serious?	Depends The height of the fall generally puts the baby into categories of low risk, moderate and high. Over 8-10ft drop is a higher risk. Also if the babies are difficult to console, they become higher risk. However, this categorazation is used to determine if the baby needs a CT or can be watched for 3-4 hours. If the CT scan is negative there is most likely no more need for further concern.
1582675	I think I have a swollen lymph node in my armpit.  It's a little sore and showed up a few days ago.  I haven't been sick recently but my family has.	Infections Look over your whole arm - checking for breaks in the skin. Sometimes even the smallest breaks in the skin can lead to infections or swollen lymph nodes.
6666871	Received multiple radiation treatment for recurring sinus / ear infections as a child. Could this have caused autoimmune disease later in life?	Head/neck radiation Radiation for a variety of indications was common until about 1980. Military families report this treatment frequently. There is a subsequent increased incidence of thyroid nodules, Autoimmune thyroiditis. Okay to get in to your regular doc. Check neck exam, thyroid labs and ultrasound. Take friend/family with you to help with asking questions. Be well.
1282430	My breast have sore for almost a month  and my left breast is swollen. I'm not pregnant and i had my uterus burned (ablation) so no period.	Painful breasts I would suggest you see your gynecologist for a breast as well as checking your hormone levels.
668185	What to do if i just had endoscopic sinus surgery and wondering when i will start feeling better?	2-4 weeks 2-4 weeks is reasonable.
149226	I have bad neck and back pain, the pain is more in my spine and its really bad in my lower back. I also get tingly hands, arms, legs and feet?	Be seen The numbness is more important that the pain, but you should be evaluated.
182477	I had nerve conduction studies done, due to tingling numb ring and pinky fingers.  What is an ulnar lesion at elbow please? And is it permanent?	Nerve compression It sounds like you have compression of the ulnar nerve as it crosses the elbow, which is extremely common. It often improves with limiting compression at the elbow, most commonly with some combination of change in habits, elbow pads, physical therapy, injection of steroids, or surgery to move the nerve out of the way.
1548128	I'm feeling pressure in my head it feels like something moving in it.it hurts sometimes. I can't stand to hear loud noises,when I do my ears be ringin?	Check sinus and ears Head pressure is generally caused by congestion in sinuses or ears, but could be caused by intracranial problems as well, and should be evaluated by your family doc.
196980	What are the chances of  the surgery changing from a partial knee replacement to a full knee replacement?	Small chance The key to partial knee replacement long term success is proper installation. When done correctly, 90% 20 year success rates are seen. Using robotics I have performed over 500 partial knee replacements and the installation accuracy is predictably within 1mm and 1 degree. This is the most consistently, reproducible way to install a partial knee replacement. Bearings can be changed in the future.
1224118	With ovarian cyst rupture & almost getting my period can my hormones act diffrent since it was my first rupture ? & that ovaries get traumatized ?	No and No Symptomatic ovarian cyst rupture is extremely common. In fact, many women can feel when they ovulate - this is the same thing - rupture of a cyst and release of an egg. Sometimes, this cyst can bleed and is likely what you are referring to. The ovary will heal and there are no lasting effects of these events.
6704526	How to combat cold before it lasts longer? Natural remedies pls help. I can feel a cold starting up.Symptoms:headache, runny nose,sneezing sore throat	URI Make sure you have enough sleep and rest to boost your immune system. Good hydration, see you doctor if symptoms persists!
119887	My mom wakes me up choking and snoring in the middle of the night?	Sleep Apnea If your mom is snoring loudly, and then momentarily stops breathing, followed by choking, this is called sleep apnea. Most people don't even know they are doing it, but it can be quite dangerous. Have your mom make an appt to discuss this with her md who will probably recommend a sleep study to confirm the sleep apnea and measure it's severity. Call today!
281697	I am about a week away from my period, have been experiencing tender breast and such but my boyfriend and I had unprotected sex and he finished inside twice and the next day I took the morning after pill. Been feeling weird, could I be pregnant? How soon	Yes The morning after pill only decreases your risk of getting pregnant after unprotected intercourse. It does not guarantee it. In about a week pregnancy test taken at home would be reliable.
1477450	My lil sis has stuffy nose, her tonsils are very swollen and red, and her throat hurts. Are there any natural remedies for her?	Sore throat hi, is ur sister 12 or r u 12? please clarify because if you are 12, you shouldn't ask question on ht. also please ask ur parents to take your sister for evaluation, she might need Antibiotics.
1423838	Sclerosis Of Sacroiliac Joint. What is this. I have had chronic constipation... Rectal pain...ribbon like stools and bloating.	Hardening and Thickening, ankylosing spondylitis can be associated with inflammatory bowel disease which would include your symptoms and signs, might get checked out
512850	I noticed my vagina hole looks a cloudy white. I have no itchy, smell or burning. Do you know what this could be? I have had yeast infections before.	See below This could be normal or you might have a yeast infection or possible another infection such as bv.
521173	Can take Claritin non drowsy for sneezy watery eyes- iam already taking azithromax antibiotic and advil. Can i take all 3?	Yes There is no bad interaction between these 3 drugs.
6659425	So I had my period the same time I normally do( in January) use the same amount as tampons as I normally do. But then next moth (february) I don't have my period and I start to get tender breast. Does this mean I was pregnant before my first day of my las	Pregnant? Very possible. Take a home pregnancy test
537617	I have red bumps on my upper lip. They don't ooze like pimples, they just bleed!	Rule out... Osler-weber-rendu, if you have had them your entire life. If not, or if these do not match the description you'll read online, please forgive me -- just my idea.
325099	How do I remove a painful callus underneath my toe?	Depends on the cause Many things can cause calluses. Some reasons that one may develop a callus include: viral infections (warts), friction, pressure, repedetive trauma, and a limitation of joint motion. Some genetic conditions may also cause people to develop calluses on the hands and the feet. Treatment depends on the cause of the problem. Have it evaluated by a professional and get the appropriate treatment.
396254	It feels like i hit my head, but i didn't. What can cause this? I haven't hit my head on anything, but the spot that hurts is sore to the touch and I have somewhat of a headache along with it. When i take ibuprofen it helps for a bit, but still hurts to t	Try Try to have someone look at your scalp to see if there is an area of irritation or infection. If you have continued head pain you should be evaluated. If you had increased pain, fever, or vomiting then you would have to go to the er.
1088831	Can mono cause a lot of neck pain? I tested positive for EBV and acute mono	Yes It is common with acute mono to have tender swollen glands in the front and back of your neck.
595828	Ii found 2 red spots by my ankle their are also itchy but i had eczema before can it be that?	It could be So try the medication you were given and if it doesn't improve return to the doctor.
1249405	Sinus or ear infection atleast 1x a month.Fractured both my sinus, orbitals and nose also have a deviated septum.Could this cause it or what else?	Yes Altered anatomy can lead to a redisposition for sinus infections, esp post traumatic alterations. Seek the advise of an otolaryngologist for this.
1453551	Ovarian cyst have ruptured and collapsed but empty sac still in causing enlarged ovary (and pain). Can the sac dissolve on its own?	Yes The ruptured sac will ultimately resorb
566690	I have chest pain only when doing pull-ups. It is at the base of my breast bone  more on my left than right. It is sore to touch , but not bad.	Typical muscle This is typical for muscle strain. Make sure yourtechnique is correct and dont over do it. Rest and nsaids should help. If it doesnt after a week or so see your doctor and get it looked at.
1183579	I'm wondering if it may be too early to go to my dr for a pregnancy test. I'm having some symptoms such as: fullness in lower abdomen, sore/tender breast, nausea, etc. My 1st day of my last cycle 1/21?	Please clarify Unfortunately there is no complete question here. Pregnancy testing should not be done until a period is missed.
595825	Can severe pain in my lower right abdomen with cramping &bloody diarrhea be ovarian cancer? Had all gastro tests, all negative.	Abdominal Pain I still bet on a digestive disorder, such as diverticulitis, an infectious agent, causing a type of dysentery, or a type of inflammatory bowel disease. Ovarian cancer would be very unlikely to present that way, but it certainly wouldn't hurt to have your gynecologist perform a thorough abdomino-pelvic exam. Sometimes amebic dysentery, salmonella, or a shigella are hard to pick up.
63408	I have sinus pressure around my eyes and nose. Every once in awhile a yellow colored, smelly liquid runs from my nose. Could it be a sinus infection?	Sinus Drainage Colored sinus and nasal drainage means plugged up sinus passages. If this pressure and drainage has been going on for longer than ten days, yes, you have a sinus infection. Try an oral decongestant. If you don't get better, go see your doctor.
661340	Every month 3-5 days before my expected period my breasts are sore. This month I have no soreness just white milky discharge. Is this a pregnancy sign?	Not necessarily Your breasts are just responding to hormonal changes that you see with your cycle. Milky discharge is not a definitive sign of pregnancy.
6621272	For 2 weeks having nausa , feeling very tired sleepy, backache,sore breast getting biger,missed period,negative preg test , could i be pregnant !?	Recheck in 3-5 days Every woman experiences some change/irregularity in her period at time, especially with illness, medication use, stress, rapid weight loss, endocrine disorder such as thyroid diseases etc. Pregnancy is one reason to miss period and so doing a hpt can quickly and reliably tell. If negative, recheck in 3-5 days. If in 3-5 days n still neg, likely then it is just an exception. Consult doc. Good luck.
1436262	I have hair loss and smelly scalp hair and itchy on some places on my head I used alopexy 5 I stop it bcz of out of stock ?	A problem if Alopexy is stopped, the hair will not grow and might fall out.
870306	I've seen the results and my boyfriend dosent have chlamydia but im positive he's the only one I have BV and UTI should I go get re checked?	STD Yes.
1544858	I have a sore throat that hurts my ears when I swallow, chills, mild headache, discomfort in my abdomen but no fever. What could it be?	Viral infection Viral infection might cause all these symptoms,sore throat might cause pressure imbalance in middle ear,visit a doctor to assist you and give you antibiotics and everything is going to be okay within 2 weeks depends on the antibiotic course.
1092520	I have left side abdominal pain, red non itchy mark on penis, right leg mucle pain right arm hearts this came up after sexual releationship isit std?	STDs If you feel as if you may have an std you need to go to a doctor or clinic and have yourself examined and tested, not only for the symptoms that you have, but for all of the stds that may not be producing immediate symptoms. Go soon and good luck.
141143	I'm pregnant and my sinuses are clogged, i've tried saline nasal spray 4 allergy but no help?	Defer to OB Many times we don't want to give pregnant patients medications for fear of harming the baby. You should check with OB for what would be allowed during your pregnancy.
1552462	Mom just developed raynauds at age 52 what's chances of her getting scleroderma? no other symptoms,has negative ANA ,I am her daughter tho & have lupus	Less chance Since your mother has no other symptoms and ANA negative ,she has primary raynaud disease and less chance to get sclerderma . The person with secondary raynaud disease have associated pre -existing conditions like -scleroderma or lupus .
821538	Knee swelling and pain since two months increasing upon activity no releif with antiinflamatory xray shows no bone deformity?	See below It sounds like you need an aspiration with studies performed on the knee fluid and a MRI at this point to better determine what is going on.
767765	No STD i got it check.Ask doctor she don't know way i look at it.Couple bump on penis head comin and go since 4 month. Not itch and no pain. Wha is it?	Can't tell No way to tell you over the internet. Someone needs to see it and decide what to do. If your doctor can't help, get a second opinion.
1473737	What does it mean when my 3 year old CBC says pcv 40.4,mcv 69.4,mch 22.7,rdw 16.2, platelet count 680. He has hydronephronesis but is there another pb?	Anemia,thrombocytosi Hydronephrosis can lead to iron deficiency anemia which in turn can cause increase in platelets, thrombocytosis. This CBC shows signs that are not uncommon with your child's kidney problem. Best to discuss this with your urologist.
711245	At 16weeks pregnant is it normal to have pressure, mild cramps and a knot feeling in my lower abdomen right before expelling has?	Yes The enlarged uterus can push on the bowel and cause increase in pressure and cramping with bowel movements or passing gas.
1345455	I hear a light blowing sound in my ear now and then. I have seen ENT and hearing is fine and she diagnosed me with allergies. Could this be the cause?	No I do not think that it is likely that allergic disease would cause a light blowing in the ears. These are the kinds of symptoms that sometimes, the honest, ethical doctor can not always give you an answer to. Bottom line, if the hearing is normal and you have no vertigo (spinning sensation), try not to let these symptoms bother you because the middle and inner ears are functioning normally.
1595580	My nipples are really itchy. I'm only 17 so it's not a pregnancy thing. ?	Itch This itching may be due to dryness or a reaction to your bra material. Apply a skin moisturizer like eucerin cream and/or try a different bra. I don't recommend using a cortisone type cream as it can cause skin atrophy if used often.
780718	How much alcohol a day (or percentage of alcohol) does it take to cause cirrhosis of the liver?	Variable Only a small proportion, about 20% of chronic drinkers get cirrhosis. The amount of alcohol needed to start the process towards cirrhosis varies with the genetic makeup of the person and other issues, such as chronic viral hepatitis, state of nutrition etc. I would urge you to not take more than one drink a day.
600879	Is this accepted norm universally that a senior surgeon accepts the hernia surgery case and  done clandestinely by his interns. Lie given to patient. ?	Training Surgeons need training and if surgery is done under close supervision it will ensure good outcome, but participation of interns should be disclosed.
158730	Had endoscopic sinus surgery. How long do I have to wait before I start exercising?	2 weeks I usually recommend my patients to avoid exercise and heavy lifting for 2 weeks following surgery.
634826	Started Depo-Provera birth control 2 months ago for the first time had unprotected sex and he came in me a few times what are my chances of getting pregnant?	Very low. If you are within the 3 month window of your Depo Provera injection, then your chances are very low (less than 1%). Keep in mind that condoms will also protect you from sexually transmitted infections. Take care!
966097	I get painfully intense itch only on the middle toe of each foot.If the toe is dry, it is okay, but if it is sweaty, it itches. Its likeath-ft but it never spreads, always on the same toes. Theath-ft medicines are useless. Sometimes it is so badthat i wis	Go To local county hospital, they likely will treat you for free if indigent.
488760	A week ago my right big toe started to hurt so bad. I could barely walk on it.  Since thanksgiving it has been, red, swollen and painful. Ingrown toe?	Podagra This may be a sign of gout. I would have your primary care physician draw bloodwork to check your uric acid level.
1541808	How can you prevent better atrophy of nasal membrane during winter and spring time? I have nasal oil, Montelukast and prednisone. Congestion of nose.	DO NOT use a steroid spray since this is the MAJOR cause of nasal membrane atrophy. The nasal oil is OK as is Montelukast. Hope this helps Dr Z
914134	If I have an std, like gonorrhea or chlamydia, and happen to be allergic to penicillin, what antibiotic can I take?	Rocephin&Zithromax/t We do not use penicillin to treat gonorrhea due to resistance to penicillin. We use a shot of Rocephin which is a cephalosporin, or cefexime asingle dose of 400mgm by mouth or spectomycine can be used 2gm single doseim.But specticomycine is not available in us for chlamydia we use single dose of zithromax 1gm or vibramycine for 10 days.
1386546	I quit taking the Depo-Provera two months ago been cramping all along but no period and extreme nausea and  having white milky discharge. am i pregnant?	Unlikely... But possible. If your breasts start enlarging and getting tender, or nausea continues, get a home pregnancy test and use a first morning urine specimen for best results. I'd also recommend considering another form of birth control. DEPO really eats up your bones and makes you gain significant weight the more years you use it, plus it sounds like you two aren't doing well together. Nausea sucks
315671	What causes fluid in ears, pain in glands/jaw that pains entire face cavity, sore throat? I don't have tonsils	A variety... ....Of illnesses can do all that. The only thing that's relatively certain is that the pain isn't coming from your tonsils. As with many illnesses, the best course of action is often rest, lots of fluids, and more rest. If the symptoms persist, see your doctor.
558269	I have a prolapsed bladder with complications . My labia suddenly is suddenly very ted  and  itchy. I've been on  antibiotics since  2011 for utis?	Time to see your doc Red and itchy labia with chronic antibiotics sound like a yeast infection, but you need to see a doctor for an exam.
768500	My scalp itches, has flakes, white balls and white pimple like bumps. I have tried every type of psoriasis moisture and dandruff shampoos nothing help	See a dermatologist See a dermatologist to establish the cause and start appropriate therapy.
809304	Is it possible to have cramps and sore breasts 2 days after a period? I had protected sex 4 weeks ago. Am i pregnant?	You could be... If that period was just a couple of days of spotting, it could have been implantation bleeding, and not a period. The sore breasts could be a symptom of pregnancy that correlates with the sex 1 month ago. The cramping could be normal, or could be a bad sign that you have an infection, a threatened miscarriage, or some other problem. Don't wait too long to get it checked out. Get a home preg test.
1139194	Numbness in head, migraines (not constant), muscle spasms throughout body, dizziness (occasionally), pain, no vision problems. Possible brain tumor?	Not yet Only one way to know is to have a brain mri. But keep in mind that migraines themselves can cause a variety of symptoms. If you are concerned, or if there are new or sudden changes in symptoms, see your doctor.
1593981	I'm currently fighting off a cold. I know it's normal for the lymph nodes in your neck to swell, but should the ones near my groin be swelling aswell?	Lymph node swelling Swelling of lymph nodes near the groin is not related fighting off a cold. Best to see you doctor for examination.
6757317	Age 45.Period two weeks early. Symptoms of nausea, back ache, headache, bloating, fatigue, loss of appetite. ?	? Menopause Your symptoms could be due to your entering menopause. It would be prudent to see your doctor for an evaluation and if needed, hormone replacement. For good health - Have a diet rich in fresh vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low fat milk and milk products, nuts, beans, legumes, lentils and small amounts of lean meats. Avoid saturated fats. Exercise at least 150 minutes/week and increase the intensity of exercise gradually. Do not use tobacco or alcohol in any form. Practice safe sex.
1405400	Always get a flu (cough, cold, sore throat, yellow phlegm) within a week after exercise. A 1 hour gym class and I'm sick. How to prevent this pls?	Exercise/infection There is some evidence that parameters of immune function can be slightly diminished with intense exercise but this is more than balanced by the beneficial effects of exercise. The probability here is that you are being exposed to classmates with infections that are transmitted to you, and not that your immune system is being compromised.
6753366	I have sleep apnea and gerd. I went to the doctor and gave me omeprazole but my apnea wont go away.	Rewriting textbooks Well, truthfully I'm very happy that omeprazole DID NOT cure your apnea. I would hate to have to go back and reread all the information that YOU'D'VE ended up rewriting if it would've worked on you! For sleep apnea you'll need a sleep study to assess things & then, you'll be advised on what to do or what to take. How do you like that DOUBLE CONTRACTION. Don't know if it's good or not.
1101143	Si joint &low back pain for 2 weeks.How often does it indicate ankylosing spondylitis? If not as, what are other differentials that i can think of?	Very short time 2 weeks is a short time for as. Look for fibromyalgia, muscle strains, and assure internal organs normal.
617968	Im not sexually active at all. I have had a yeast infection (took meds for)  but I have small bumps in and around my vagina and high amounts of "cum"?	Sesee doc Your dermatologist or gynecologist could tell you what is going on.
840395	Can laproscopic surgery on the right shoulder result in vitamin deficiency, fibromyslgia snd peripheral neuropathy?	Yes &amp; no ? shoulder surgery related to fibromyalgia (FM) evolution, neuropathy, & vitamin deficiency. Shoulder surgery commonly incites chronic splinting & guardedness of upper quarter of body tower causing soft tissue deconditioning & regional joint malalignments generative of chronic widespread pain correlate with FM. Subluxing joints can arouse neuropathy. See an Osteopath. Perhaps Vitamin D if invalid.
1053479	Male 22. Get pvc's often. Had ecg, 24hecg, stress ecg, echo, cardiac mri/mra. Safe to ignore the pvc's? Its a quick skipped beat feeling.	PVC If pvcs are asymptomatic and rate is more than 10% of your heart rate in 24 hours then it should be treated. Otherwise it could cause heart failure (tachycardia induced cardiomyopathy). If you have symptomatic pvcs then it should be treated irrespective of frequency of pvcs. You need electrolyte check up. If normal, then you need medications. If medication is not effective, then you need ablation.
6630225	I came down with the gastro stomach flu Monday night(throwing up, nausea, cramping) since then, only diarrhea..can I kiss my gf when I c her Saturday?	Yes If you are not having fevers anymore, you are most likely not contagious. The diarrhea is probably just residual from the infection. That being said, be sure to let your girlfriend know so that she can be aware of the (small) risk of getting it. Hope this helps!
919864	Is white discharge discomfort and burning a sign of UTI or bacterialv I have no STDs dr only did a urine sample said its a UTI i think it's bacterialv?	STD testing Uti's don't cause white discharge, but antibiotics for UTI can cause yeast overgrowth. Std testing requires blood and some vaginal secretions to be checked.
324574	I'm having really bad stomach cramps, vomiting, diarrhea, and breaking out into sweats. Should i go to the er? It also hurts to eat , walk or move...	Yes You should be seen and a determination made of the probable cause and approach to management. Best to go to a primary care physician rather than an er if possible.
1382357	I was diagnosed with uterine fibroids & an ovarian cyst. I'm anemic from blood loss from above conditions. I do heavy lifting at the gym. Is it safe?	Yes Yes, anemia will have no impact on your ability to perform heavy lifting. The only impact you wil lnotice is in your ability to sustain peak activity, ie you will fatigue more easily. To correct the anemia the bleeding from the fibroids should be stopped and your iron levels should be tested. You should also probably be supplementing with iron.
1432396	Taking Xanax for anxiety. My heart keeps racing and I'm having a lot of pressure in my chest. Only took three in two days. What do I do?	Discuss w/ provider I don't know how it was prescribed, but you need to ask about this and I'd urge you to seek a CBT therapy referral at that time. Through it you can learn skills that will help you avoid, reduce and manage anxiety that will help in all parts of your lifetime. It can be a great value w/o side effects or w/drawal. Best wishes!
262407	Today i'm having more productive cough due to the pulmonary fibrosis which was caused by the lung radiation. Can you help me in getting this  under control without a hospital stay?	Cannot answer Without having you under my care & knowing your case this is impossible to answer. Recommend calling your puonologist or seek attention at an urgent care.
119726	I've had very sore throat, swollen glands and ear ache for over 3 days now. When will it stop?	Needs evaluation See a doctor, could be viral or may need antibiotics for a bacterial infection. If bacterial, it will be a number of days on antibiotics but be certain to take anything prescribed until all the pills are finished; if viral could be a number of weeks.
177534	With a pelvic X-ray for abdominal pain, what can or can't the doc see?	Bones, bowel.. With pelvic xray, the doc can usually see the bones, faint outlines of the bowels and stool, gas/air, calcificaitons.
1400658	Bad lower back pain in  L4/L5 & s1 area, sensitivity also, cant sit for long, but no leg pain, what could be the issue?	Spine Injury This chronic pain in the distribution as you suggested is the result of an irritated nerve or facet joints or other injury typically in the lumbar spine (low back) which are caused by herniated disks, spinal stenosis or degenerative disc disease, etc requiring further evaluation by a spine specialist.
1526988	I had a ovulation blood test which said levels are around 20 my period is late. 5 days on day 2 preg test was negative.... Could I be pregnant?	Repeat P.G. test Of course you could be pregnant, so run a 2nd pregnancy test.
856888	I have always been very sensitive down there until this week. I found out I have herpes 2 weeks ago. The sores are healed but sexual pleasure is gone.	Herpes Neuropathy This may be just common and will normalize with time. While the herpes sores can heal quickly, the underlying nerve inflammation may take some time to recover. I would not worry yet.
522177	Hi I have been haven tender my breasts pinkish color blood and spotting.. I feel fluttering in my belly 2006 tube tied could i be pregnant again?	Possibly Take a home pregnancy test. They turn positive within 72 hours before the start of your expected period. If it's negative, repeat in 1 week.
1292021	I had a panic attack and took a 1mg xanax, then 9 hours later if was really stressed so i took a 0.5 ativan. Will i die?	No You won't die. Dosage is too low and too much time elapsed between drug ingestion. However, who gave you such potent drugs? You need to be under medical supervision and best if you are in therapy to help with anxiety. Good luck.
1452289	Surgery L5-S1.Now pain set in. Now in only a few mins pain is a 9. Large area of back becomes numb as pain increases.From waist to ribs in back.	Back pain The back pain you are having may be related to some other nerve roots, to the muscles that help strengthen your back, or perhaps some other problem. L5-S1 should not affect numbness to the level of your ribs, that is why a new issue could be happening. It is not likely though. What kind of surgery did you have? How long ago was it? Do you have any treatments for your symptoms? PT?
1011476	2mm mole no longer there. Dr said it's fine but i worry it's melanoma. Faded over a year ago. Not sure of exact location. What do I do?	Probably not Melanomas can rarely regress. Most important would be to see a board certified dermatologist and allow them to search for any skin lesions which are suspicious. Also excessive sun exposure and previous history of skin malignancies are important pieces of the puzzle. Is there a family history? Did the area of regression leave any sort of mark that you can pinpoint for your doctor?
875608	Is it true that following your last shot of Depo-Provera birth control you need to wait 4 months to get pregnant?	Yes Since the depo shots last for at least 3 months as its intended to, you won't be able to get pregnant for at least 3-4 months.
1398213	Pregnant? period6/23 to 6/26  have not had a new one yet breast are heavier and darker cravings, want sex 5more than normal, lower abdomen been funny	Buy yarn It would be awfully early, but stranger stories have been told. You have many of the signs of pregnancy; so it may be time to buy yarn, but don't start knitting yet. Take a home pregnancy test now and maybe check again in a couple of weeks.
558005	I've been on seasonuiqe for 5 years and im sexually active and now im having breakthough bleeding could i be pregnant how would i know?	Urine pregnancy test Hard to tell about early pregnancies when one is on oral birth control pills, so the easiest way to check is to do a urine pregnancy test, and even repeat it a couple of weeks later.
1580357	Red patchy rash under breast. not itchy nor painful?	Intertrigo Skin can develop a rash when 2 skin surfaces touch and sweat builds up allowing growth of yeast or bacteria. Treat by keeping area clean and most of all dry. Change sports bra immediately after exercise and shower. Wear good support bra during day and possibly at night. Apply baby powder to area to keep dry. Topical antifungal cream may help, too. Thanks for trusting HealthTap!
6660277	There a relationship between the jaw joint inflamation and the parotid gland?	Rheumatoid arthritis RA disease activity is associated with hyposalivation and TMJ dysfunction. The jaw joint inflammation and parotid gland dysfunction in RA-patients has been demonstrated in a few studies.
1220487	Very fatigued for about a month.  Labs WBC 3.5, RBC 4.15, RDW 14.6, PLT 136, hgb 12.6, hct 12.6, MCV 90, mchc 33.6, B12 824, d 33.  Genetic testing = poor converter of folic acid.  Could i be anemic?	Not anemia Your hemoglobin is normal.
6743273	Will 2mg valuim help me fall asleep? I've been talking ativan and took 1mg early morning and got maybe 2 or 3 hours of sleep off and on.. my therapist said to try the valuim. I just really want to zzz	Insomnia Valium may help you fall asleep and you may need a higher dose than 2mg. Valium is habit forming and there are other sleep aids that are less habit forming. You could consider melatonin, which is over the counter. Benadryl can also be used as a sleep aid. There are other prescription options such as ambien and Lunesta.
1420770	I have been doing diarrhea a lot and a I have a lot of gas like farting and burping. I also threw up the day before. Last night I had stomach cramps?	YOU SOUND SICK SEE YOUR DOCTOR TO HAVE SOME TESTING AND AN EXAM, TOO MUCH FOR THIS FORUM. TRY SOME PEPTO FOR NOW.
1384141	Can u have sexual intercourse if you have a bacterial infection?	STD? Not if the infection is caused by an STD.
542744	(l) leg above back of ankle had pimple/ blister, itchy. Used cortisone cream. Today oozing liquid. Cleaned, & used nystatin. Very red/sore.(day 2) dx?	What color ooz It could be an infection, ingrown hair, or friction blister depending on location and the ooz! there are many possibilities and you need to see a podiatrist or your doctor for correct diagnosis and treatment plan.
375507	Blood in urine after sexual intercourse in a male. My boyfriend and I have been having intercourse for about 2 months now and the past few times he has had blood in his urine afterwards. He has stated there has been clots but no pain like a UTI would brin	Hematuria Blood in the urine is never normal. Although this most likely is secondary to something simple like prostatitis, i would recommend he see a urologist for possible cystourethroscopy. This can generally be done in the office.
970471	Too much protein in urine whilst pregnant dangerous?	Pre-eclampsia Yes this is one of the concerns for pre-eclampsia.
1278583	What do you suggest if wisdom tooth removal, it makes my whole jaw hurt. It does react to sweets, but i cannot see any cavity have?	If If you can actually see a cavity in a back tooth by looking into a bathroom mirror, it's huge. Just because you can' tweet a cavity with your unaided eyes doesn't mean that you don't have one, or bone/gum damage around the tooth, or one of many different types of neoplasms/ulcers/infections/cuts/etc. Please call your dentist for a professional examination and treatment recommendation.
66292	I am a 42 year male. I tested low in testosterone, will low testosterone cause me to have internal shaking when I sleep?	Sleep disorder I don't know exactly what you mean by "internal shaking", but one of the most common causes of low testosterone in men is obstructive sleep apnea. Patients with osa tend to have overactivity of the sympathetic nervous system during sleep, which can cause to awaken with a shaky feeling.
1093005	If urine protein (3 mnths apart) goes 2+ to 1+ but both still show WBC & hyaline casts, shows improvement & not to worry? Random? Or still a sign ckd?	Improvement Is always good but still abnormal . Need to stay with your nephrologist
1546040	Is it normal for breast to sometimes bruise during pregnancy?  And the bruise lasts for 2 weeks or so?	Mostly yes Breasts can get much enlarged and swollen which can make them more susceptible to bumps and bruising. Wear a good support bra, and take good care of them. Best wishes.
1424070	Hi I had a protected sex weeks before my period but 3days after, I started bleeding having cramps and my breast sore. Does it mean am pregnant?	Check it out Get a pregnancy test
1022247	I have vaginal discharge but I do not have itching or burning or an std, what is wrong?	Not enough info to Know. If you have a change in color, texture, odor or amount of vaginal discharge ; problems such as pain, itching burning with urination or sex or redness/swelling then it is best to see your gynecologist for evaluation ; accurate assessment.
1428908	Face tingling around eyes and nose accompanied by neck pain. Pain is worse when lying down. Ct and MRI of head came back fine.What could be causing it?	Cervicl radiculopath It is possible that you have cervical radiculopathy but the CT or MRI should have seen that. Usually however this does not manifest with face tingling around the eyes and nose. Bells palsy is also a possibility as this would not show up on an MRI or CT scan. I'm curious to know if you saw a neurologist as this would be a good specialist to see.
1497489	After drinking a cocktail burning pain in right shoulder between neck and shoulder tip and down right arm.  What causes this?  Pcp says not heart.	Shoulder pain If you are right handed and were drinking the cocktail with your right hand, it may well be a cause in your shoulder such as impingment or the trapezius muscle causing pain. It is not likely to be the cocktail. It may even have origin in your cervical spine with a pinched nerve for example. Please get evaluated if symptoms continue
59059	Symptoms: white watery vaginal discharge, sometimes itches, sometimes has a foul smell but only when on clothing can you smell it, what could this be?	Vaginitis This could be a simple bacterial vaginosis or a cervicitis or even a fallopian tube cancer. Hydrops tuba profluens is a sign of tubal cancer which is a watery foul smelling vaginal discharge. Bottom line you need to be evaluated by your dr and do not dismiss the condition.
614434	Sore throat with swollen lymph node on right side. Chills no fever no vomiting. What is this?	Pharyngitis Viral or bacterial pharyngitis. Would want to make sure you don't have strep throat so yo should get an exam, a strep test and/or culture.
857812	3rd f/u u/s after breast biopsy-distortion had faded and smaller.U/s report said no suspicious findings.Biopsy was benign lactation changes.Good?	Yes The biopsy report is excellent and there is no reason to worryi.
407096	A red-shouldered hawk has a nest in my front yard.  Today it swooped by me.  Its talons scratched my head.  It bled a little. I've cleaned it with alcohol and used neosporin.  Is that enough?  I had a tetanus short four years ago.	I I was fascinated by your question and so i took some time researching it. (i went to the military medical school where we studied things like this). It is probably better that this was a red-shouldered hawk rather than it's close relative the red tailed hawk. I am not an infectious disease specialist. So, you may need input from one (there is one infectious disease doctor that periodically answers question on avvo.Com). The red tailed hawk can carry sarcocystis which would normally only present a danger to humans if eating uncooked fowl. However there were some reports of infection by bite or scratch. Both the red - shouldered hawk and the red tailed hawk can carry west nile virus. The red shoulder hawk can carry toxoplasma gondii, which is normally only transmitted to humans via eating uncooked fowl. The birds feces can also contain the organisms. So, here is my concern, if the tallons are contaminated by feces- would a scratch be a easy vehicle for human infection. So, the only thing i can tell you, is that your tetanus shot is up to date. You will need to get input from someone with more knowledge than i have, to see if you are at risk for any of the above mentioned infections.
771242	I have a question I have ovarian cyst on both my ovaries smaller then an inch and my hormones are unbalanced and get on birthcontrol can I get pregnan?	Unlikely Small cysts are not a problem. Birth control pills should work just fine.
1376099	I was sick for 3 days with fever, chills, sore throat and mucus. Day 4 I got a pimple under my lip but it was a flowershaped red bump, is it ringworm?	Bump under lip See your doctor to determine what the skin lesion is as there are several possibilities. Appropriate treatment can then be given.
1215790	How long can post infection inflammation  bladder last? Had UTI treated one month ago, just took tests again was negative for uti, std, yeast, BV etc.	1-2 weeks... If uti-causing bacteria are sensitive to antibiotic used, irritative voiding symptoms will improve within 2-3 days after taking it. Meanwhile, our body constantly strives to undergo self-healing as long as we provide suitable inside and outside environments for our body. So, in 1-2 weeks, most of healing process should be completed. If symptoms persist, one needs to consider something else.
27627	How long will I need to use crutches after a left knee arthroscopy to remove bone spurs?	Knee arthroscopy Depending on the involvement and scope of the procedure crutches may only be needed for several days following which a cane can be used for improved ambulation and support.
1322995	Burning pain on top of left breast where it meets chest.Doc says heart ok.Some upper back,shoulder, shoulder blade and arm pain. Ideas? Fear cardiac	Not cardiac Consider neck, especially cervical disk disease.
792445	Missed period, nausea, stomach pain, headaches, abdominal pain-usually only left side. Negative pregnancy test. Could it be ectopic pregnancy?	Possible Would suggest blood test for evaluation, and visit to provider to rule out a pelvic infection--either can be a serious health concern influencing future pregancies.
1034221	Deep congestion, throat blisters, hoarse voice, diarrhea, headache, tonsil stones(a lot, 8 in a wk), nausea, sore throat. Am still breastfeeding, some help?	URI See a doctor and be evaluated. This sounds as if you may have herpangina, a condition caused by a coxsackie virus.
1162383	Could you still have a stroke or heart attacke if your blood pressure is normal?	Other causes also Besides high blood pressure, other factors in causing vascular problems are high blood fats(cholesterol), smoking , diabetes and overweight. If you are healthy in all these areas, then you have no concerns. But keeping your weight near normal with healthy diet and daily exercise are necessary to stay healthy.
74977	Can a reaccuring MRSA staph infection kill you? If so what would you most likely die from?	Sepsis Any type of infection in the skin or elsewhere can enter the bloodstream. An overwhelming infection in the blood is known as sepsis. Fever, low blood pressure, and high heart rate are some of the signs of sepsis. Untreated sepsis can result in death.
792448	Can anything be done to reduce or eliminate snoring?   My husband doesn't have sleep apnea but his snoring prevents us from sharing a bed.	Multiple choices Snoring is a sound made when the airflow through the upper airway is blocked. Blockage can be anywhere from the tip of the nose to the roof of the mouth to the back of the tongue to multiple areas. Do not assume that he doesn't have sleep apnea unless he has had an overnight sleep study. There are treatments to reposition, to use breathing strips to nose, dental appliances, CPAP & surgery.
1031618	What type of ear plugs are best for sleeping?	Personalize So long as you don't have issues with otitis externa (outer ear infections) any type should be fine. Try the foam ones but, make sure to check them daily to make sure they're intact; you don't want one to break up in your ear canal because you've used it for too long. If those aren't your bag, go for the wax ones. If that fails, see an ENT for customized ear plugs.
1171913	I have 2.16 CM fibroadenoma in my breast. I know it by biopsy. I want to know its cure without surgery?	Not possible If you want to be rid of the lump, it's a simple surgical procedure.
857689	I'm on my period symptoms: dizzy, sick to stomach, headache, heart burn. I'm also taking antibiotics. Intercourse 2days ago. Period ends tomorrow. Help?	Cannot diagnose Or even tell from what you have conveyed, if all of these symptoms are related to each other. You need to see a pcp, provide a full detailed history and be examined to be appropriately evaluated. Good luck and hope you are better soon.
1479880	I have a bad rash my doctor subscribed 25mg Benadryl pills 1 every 7 hours. Now I took one at  730 pm is  it ok if I smoke weed at 10pm?	Yes it should not matter past possible increased somnolence
1365231	Right breast and arm feels numb/weak. Both heats up to the point it feels cold. Right hand as well followed by tingles. Lower back. Any ideas/causes?	Depends on details Pay careful attention to what part of right arm and breast are numb. "Heats up toe the point it feels cold" may be autonomic dysfunction. Pay attention to specifically what part of arm tingles. If low back is related then combination of arm and low back in setting of otherwise healthy young woman may mean stress biology (in which case tests probably normal). Quite treatable after diagnosis.
1567888	How long should I wait to get tested after having receptive anal sex? In particular I want to get tested for RECTAL chlamydia+gonhorrea+syphilis.	STI testing time Two weeks after potential exposure should be a good time to be tested and I would add HIV to the list. Practicing safe sex is essential in protecting yourself from these STIs. Receptive anal sex is perhaps the highest rate of transmission. Please use your condoms.
848649	I have had small red bumps on my back along my spine for a month or so. I currently have a sinus infection and bad cough. The bumps have become itchy.	Dermatitis The rash on your back may be due to cintact dermatitisor possibly sweat dermatitis caused by your sinus infection which may be making you perspire. Try to dressin cool pajamas and use a moisturizer for your back.
6757179	Intense pain between vagina & inner thighs. No irritation, swelling, bumps. No strenuous work. Pain is multiple times a day. Pain last 30sec-5min each?	MD visit needed It is necessary for you to visit a GYN MD to find out where the pain is coming from and if necessary Rx it.
6673592	I have a hole above my lip from popping a pimple . I was wondering if I could get it fixed.	Acne scar some scars can be treated but most can not but visit a dermatologist or plastic surgeon for evaluation.
1075400	Can it still be 'venous hum' if my pulsitile tinnitus disappears with pressure on my posterior external jugular vein?(also with rotating head/suppine)	Yes Yes.
402666	Besides surgery is there an alternative for knee pain?

Becau 88 year old female. Good health but fear of a possible  stroke if she has surgery. Has tried
many pain relievers but nothing seems to help. She also has neuropathy in her feet. She is not a dia	I I like the idea of acupuncture particularly electrical acupuncture particularly given the request was for alternatives. A combination of approaches often work best though: topical anti-inflammatories, physical therapy, injections, and general measures to effectively deal with pain are worth a try. For example, if any sleep disturbances are present make sure they are addressed. Occasional nutritional problems can contribute to pain..B12, vitamin d..To mention a few. You are right not to be satisfied with the only answer being surgery! most often other alternatives can and do work.
205929	Very scared I have scleroderma as I have a positive ANA nucleolar but negative subtests 1 1/2 years ago.  I don't have any usual symptoms just eye problems like episcleritis once.  How long until someone can say its not scletoderma ot am I a sitting duck	RELAX! All the "auto-immune" diseases present in a spectrum of symptoms. You are lucky in that you seem to have minimal symptoms.Don't wait for someone to say it is or is not "xyz" disease-live well;know that these conditions have a stress component that you can reduce with exercise, diet, and relaxation efforts.Expect the best but be prepared if worsening occurs.Outcomes will be effected.
1475194	The right side of my mouth and my right arm went numb. There was no tingling, or pain. Just numbness that last for 15 second or so. Now I'm nausea ?	See a neurologist These symptoms may represent a specific kind of headache or other neurological condition. You should keep a log of the location, timing, duration, characteristic, and intensity of these episodes and take the log with you to a neurologist. https://www.aan.com/Guidelines/Home/ByTopic?topicId=16 , http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/1142731-overview
6787718	I used fluticasone nasal spray caused me not to smell nose dry doc said nostrils swollen tried saltwater nose feels heavy air feels obstructed ?	See ENT It is unusual for fluticasone to cause dryness in the nose. You need to make sure that you are aiming the spray towards the lateral side of the nose and not straight in. Consider trying other nasal steroid options. If the problem persists, see an ENT. If you were much older or have had turbinates reduced, then I would consider dryness as the issue and use saline spray instead.
6757177	Am young. I have acid reflux. I ate  and began running. I noticed chest tightness when breathing in. Is this associated with acid reflux?	Totally wrong Exercise 2 to 4 hrs after eating otherwise u get ur symptoms
933754	Red itchy spots at the roots pubic hair is from sex?	Doubt it Check for pubic lice . Could also be from excessive fore play.
286774	Hi I am 9 days late since I should have got my  mensus and hCG is 1.25 can I stil b pregnant as I hav pregnant symptons?	Possibly A low beta HCG level can be interpreted as a negative or a positive test, depending on the lab standards. If symptoms persist, it is important to retest, since lab error is always possible.
526336	I have red itchy bumps on my arms, chest, legs, and pubic area? Why do you think it is?	See derm You probably have eczema but see dermatologist to get exact answer.
687537	My son has just had his 4 year old immunisation needles & his right arm has swollen up & has a red rash. He says its itchy & is getting worse?	Shot reaction It could be an allergic reaction, a poor shot administration into a vessel or it could also be an infection. You need to take him back to the doctor's office to have them look at it....Right now!
6719513	Had a foreplay with vagina (half penis inside vagina/she is still virgin)can she be pregnant if i had sperms 5 min. Before? Periods got late by 8 days	Yes A pregnancy test should be done
1226861	I have a pea sized lymph node (i believe) in my middle neck that won't go away. I have had numbness and tingling unilaterally to the left side. No ms?	Not my diagnosis Lots of reasons for left sided tingling and numbness, and could be problem in neck or even peripheral nerves. The lesion in your neck could be a sebaceous cyst. Have your doctor evaluate these additional concerns, but so far, no issue to have concern about ms.
1043919	Torn ligaments in knees. Some instability now at age 34. What happens when i'm old? Keeping it in check w/ exercise now. Is surgery better in longrun?	Depends on ligaments Instabilities can b from acl, pcl, mcl, ; lcl. Or any combination. All can lead 2 many forms of instability. C a knee specialist 4 evaluation. Find out what ur instability is ; follow his/her advice. , .
929091	It hurts to breathe and I have specific pain on the left side of the chest. It felt tight and my left arm hurts. What could it be? Happened twice now	Make an appointment Today please with your physician to get evaluated properly.
1312343	LMPs (24-Mar then 18-Apr but @3days &light! was it implantation bleeding? started tryin at start of Apr but neg HPTs, hCG 1.5 -any hope for pregnancy?	Not pregnant You are not pregnant. Having periods on time and as expected is the physical proof of this simple fact.
6615015	For the past 3 months I've been getting severe headaches (especially from coughing/sneezing), dizziness, ringing in ears, fatigue, nausea and clumsiness. Had MRI done. Was told nothing is wrong.	Headache Normal MRI does not rule out all the causes for the headache. You may have headache from vascular problem, allergies, cluster headaches, etc. You can get relief with medication. Consider getting a consultation with Neurologist.
6781007	I'm a 30 year old female. Hypothyroid with tsh 11.9. Was recently diagnosed with high blood pressure (137/99) and high cholesterol 283. I was not taki?	Reassess The blood pressure and cholesterol should be reassessed after TSH normalises. Thyroid dysfunction can cause elevated cholesterol.
6685192	Day before i had chest pain and left arm feels dull throbbing pain. Today its all gone but left elbow feels bruised. It hurts to bend. Im worried :(?	See a doctor The symptoms you are describing could be serious. I would have a doctor examine you to check for possible causes. Pain in the elbow may or may not be a sign of a serious issue.
6722158	Lower back pain on spine, mid back muscle tightness, tingling in back of both legs from mid buttocks to knees about 50x/day. Xray normal. 8 months now?	Back pain plain film XRays are not enough to determine persistent Los back pain. You need and MRI. Talk with your doctor it sounds like a disc problem. But would need to know your full medical history
822443	I'm taking savella/fibro 50mg twice day for 2 months. 2 weeks ago rapid heart beat, low blood pressure and freezing hands and feet.  Drug related?	Possibly I would speak with the doctor who prescribed it and would consider stopping it and see if the issues resolve.
1523400	Are there any OTC or prescription meds for migraine that are caffeine-free?	Magnesium Magnesium oxide is effective for migraine prevention, as is butter burr. alleve at higher doses, 4 pills, and advil at higher doses (800 mg) are just as good to relieve a migraine attack as caffeine containing products.
590047	What kind of skin rashes are commen on your butt that flares up every now and then. The symptom are redness, itchy, painful, and leaves a scar.	Herpes Red, itchy, painful episodes of rash in the boxer shorts area is herpes until proven otherwise. Breakouts may occur during times of physical or mental stress. Treatment can include anti-virals, which may either be taken on an episodic or daily preventive basis. You can get a blood test that tells you whether it's hsv i or hsv ii.
338299	I had sex during week of ovulation. This was almost a week ago. My breast are extremely sore and swollen, my nipples are bigger, darker and tender as well.  Could i already be experiencing pregnancy symptoms?	Maybe You should do a home pregnancy test.
244838	I had a steroid injection in my knee 2 weeks ago and it's more painful now than it was before. Was to treat patella tendonitis. Should it be?	Right diagnosis? You should go back to the one who injected you. Sometimes a post injection flare can happen but should have resolved by now. Need to be sure there is no infection. This increased pain could also just be a worsening of your condition. Get checked out.
896374	Getting worried.Noticed small tender lump jul16, tenderness went away but now it spread & feels wide and flat, tender again, above left breast, cancer?	Unlikely but see doc Please see your doctor. Given your age, breast cancer is very unlikely. However, you need to find out what this is. Very likely this is something benign - perhaps a cyst that ruptured, or a small area of fat necrosis.
1032120	Can swollen lymph nodes in the groin be caused from yeast infection?	Yes Any infection can be associated with enlarged lymph nodes.
277695	Is it ok to alternate zyrtec(prescribed) and Benadryl (otc) for a few days for an allergy attack. Would be z in am and b at pm. 17mth old male	Maybe Zyrtec makes some people sleepy. They basically work the same but Benadryl works for just a few hours and usually causes more sleepiness. May want to try Allegra (otc generic is fine) in morning if zyrtec causes sleepiness.
436260	Experiencing symptoms of anemia--palpitations, extreme fatigue, headache, dizziness, tingling in arms/legs, etc.  Should i go to ER or see reg. Md?	Acute or chronic If your symptoms are of an acute nature you should be seen in er . If they are more chronic wait and see your doc.
611808	The top knuckle on my right thumb is swollen and painful.There is a bb sized lump on the left side of the knuckle.I can't bend my thumb.This seems to happen when I am doing carpentry and using my hand	Inflammation Something causing inflammation of that joint. It may be gout, infection or simple traumatic arthritis if that joint. Best to be evaluated, have some blood tests, and may be an x ray as well. Until you see a doctor, avoid trauma (carpentery(, take aleve 3 times a day.
1458028	Hi doc, after my period ended 3-4 days early I felt a lot of dizzy,bloated,feel of vomiting, uterus movement and etc.worst I felt pregnant. Why?	PMS This may just be related to your cycle, if this persists, see your GYN to perform an ultrasound.
6777180	Sharp pain, left side of chest by breast and ribs. Sometimes caused by deep breathing or occurs randomly. Very painful. ?	Mgt From your description, it may be related to musculo-skeletal pain. If it persists, please see your PCP. Other conditions to consider include asthma and pleuritis.
1402123	I had a biopsy done in May on a mole and it was benign & left a Indent now I have a raised red spot that's hard & itches frequently. Is this normal?	Hypertrophic scar This is an overgrown scar that can itch. See your doctor who performed the procedure. A cortisone injection done monthly for 1-3 months, will probably help. This does not get into your bloodstream, since it is given into the scar. This is known as an intralesional injection.
1555525	I take a sleep aid at night. Valerian root, lemon balm, l-theanine, hops, chamomile, passion flower & melatonin. Do any of these thin my blood?	Interesting question I can't help but wonder why you asked. Homeopathic doses of these herbal supplements should not thin your blood.
1402120	Vaginal Dryness with thick white discharge, looks like wet toilet paper. I was tested and was negative for VB,  yeast, STDs and preg. no itching	Here are some ... If all negative, one needs to ask what has mentally and/or physically bothered you most. Thereby, decide the necessity of care if possible. If possible, what? If "what" could not be found, one then has learn to cope with it with all supportive means. With all these and logic in mind, hopefully, you and your Doc can together figure out some reasonable solution for your "problem". Best wish ...
1444014	Horrible headache/congestion.  Constant cough with mucus.  Yellow and white throat with bumps.  Started 4 days ago, now bedridden.  what is wrong?	Sounds Like sinus infection I would call your doctor ASAP for eval and starting the proper treatment. Drink extra water and see the doc
1152527	First day i started feeling dizzy , cramps , nausea and diarrhea the first day, second day even worst & then got early period ? But bled brown. Help!	Period The brown discharge is old unoxygenated blood and is a normal occurence.
640836	Fleshy bump on forehead after a red bump at hairline showed. Next had swollen lymph nodes jaw, neck, behind ears. Bump's moving.Week ago.What is this?	Bumps The presence of lymph node enlargement as describes suggests that the head and neck is fighting an infection. The original hairline lump was likely to be the sourse of the infection. The persistence of a lump after this amount of time needs review by a doctor. Probably this can be addressed by your primary care/family medicine doctor.
1403583	Can I take Keflex for sinus infectin and CIPRO for UTI at the same time?	Yes you may but if you are taking cipro that would cover for the sinus infection as well
120593	Im having pain in my lower back&lower stomach on both sides near my hips.I have a dizzy feeling sometimes.The pain is not in my muscles, what is it?	Can't tell here Call your doc; could be gastrointestinal, gyn, musculoskeletal, none of the above.
505423	I have a rash looks like shiny raised red bumps stomach back arms  neck?	See your Dr It is difficult to give advice on skin conditions without seeing them. It could be benign, but could also need treatment. I suggest you see your dr.
720872	For a test for chlamydia my doctor made a chlamydia culture (more than a week to get result) and not urine test (faster), why?	Ask your MD Urine test is quick and easy.
486348	Can deterioration of the knee cartilage affect the whole leg? ( by way of muscle strain, cramps, or weakness when stepping)	Yes Probably best see your primary care or rheumatologist.
642094	Having severe abdominal, right & sometimes left side, and r back. Headaches constant, little diarrhea, freq. Urination. Gallbladder tests normal. ?	Hmmmm These symptoms don't appear to be related but could be caused from underlying stress or anxiety. Talk to your physician.
550536	My period is now 5days late hpt negative but still sore breast at times nauseous acne light cramps in legs vagina lower abdominal could i still be?	Re-test at 7 days There is a good chance that implantation has not occurred yet or that you are not producing HCG at a high enough level to be detected by a home pregnancy test. For best results, it is still recommended to wait until a woman has missed her period or 14 days past ovulation. For those that just can't wait, the very earliest you should test is seven days past ovulation.
688872	My boyfriend has small, dark purplish pimples around his teaticles and thought area. Is it an std? They itch supposedly.	Variation of normal These little re-purple bumps are called angiokeratomas and are variation of normal scrotum. It is like having little hemagiomas or red bumps on the skin.
6716358	Coughing up thick clear white speckled mucus runny sometimes stuffy nose some sinus pressure no sore throat fever or fatigue. Could this be allergies?	Yes Yes. Could be environmental allergy or even food allergy like gluten sensitivity. See allergist for evaluation.
6708619	Hi there! I have been diagnosed with ankylosing spondylitis in the last few months but still waiting for rheumatologist to confirm treatment plan. I'm on cocodamol 30/500 (3-4 doses per day) and also take ibuprofen 2x200mg 3 times per day. The stiffness a	AS Ankylosis get spondylitis is generally treated with medications. Associated conditions include a positive HLA-B27 marker, sacroiliitis and uveitis. Be especially careful to report any increase in pain after any traumatic event.
6649527	Hello!! About two weeks ago I was given antibiotics for what my doctor said was strep and ear infection (no strep test given though). I had started having pain and what felt like a lump and swelling on the right side of mu throat, then my ear started hurt	More than strep The doctor treated you for a (R) otitis media(ear infection) with an acute pharyngitis(sore throat) that possibly was strep. Next symptoms might be a Tonsillitis or a refractory ear infection that involves the estuation tube. Might benefit from increased humidification , decongestants, but they help a little. Best treatment would be a short course of oral steroids to drain better.
6718132	Can you get the flu with no runny nose or sneezing .just a headache ,sore throat,and body aches ?	Typical influenza Although flu (influenza) can cause nasal congestion and sneezing, often it does not. Your symptoms are very typical -- especially if you have fever and also develop a cough. However, you shouldn't assume the diagnosis, and flu season is over. So see your doctor -- if s/he believes influenza is likely, treatment with an antiviral drug like oseltamivir (Tamflu) may speed recovery. Good luck!
485832	What could be the cause of foul smelling watery white vaginal discharge that is more than usual other than chlamydia or gonorrhoeae?	Other causes Trichomonas or bacterial vaginosis would be other most likely causes.
730919	Not sexually active. Red painful lump on left labia minora. No whit head visible but hurts like a pimple. Is it really serious or can I home-cure it?	Sounds like a... Pimple or infected inclusion cyst (benign. ) i would treat it with warm compresses just like you would a pimple and see if it comes to a head. If it doesn't improve in a day or so or worsens, you should see your doctor.
313151	Inflamed left labia minora and itching--was first caused by tampon string but has since continued. No discharge,  no burning; no new soap, no sex.?	See derm See dermatologist for evaluation and treatment because there can be many causes for this.
6789665	I have a dilemma. My headaches are not getting better. My school NP thinks its cluster HAs but my neurologist think its migraines. I really need help?	Ready for Diary? Hello there again young lady. I so hate to see you suffer like this and want you to know that I Believe all it would take to establish a good diagnosis to prove to both your NP and neurologist what type of headache you have is to fill out this document. Be happy to send you another one. We set up a date to review it and you are off and running. Write me. You know where I am.
400030	I am 56yr old female diagnosis with small kidney stone already in bladder.As of now i haven't passed it. I was wondering about my temp my temp is 99.6 b/p is 116/74 pulse was 102. My concern is i spent approximatley 48 hrs in hospital with no low grade fe	Since Since you posted this question five days ago, you've probably addressed this issue by now. Naturally, a fever in someone who's got a kidney stone -- whether it's in the bladder or still in the ureter -- raises the question of a urinary tract infection. If you're already taking an antibiotic, this is something that can wait until you can call your doctor unless you're developing other worrisome symptoms. Alternatively, if you spent two days in the hospital, your fever may simply be due to pulmonary atelectasis, a condition that results from prolonged bed rest. When you're immobilized, small areas of your lungs become compressed, and this triggers a low-grade fever. Taking frequent deep breaths and moving about is usually all it takes to deal with atelectasis. At any rate, i hope things have settled down and you're now feeling better.
6732062	Red leathery patch on bottom of penis shaft and the top of scrotum. Not very itchy but wet to the touch. Sometimes swells up. Treatment options?	Dry Keep the area dry and use nystatin powder
1455667	EKG, heart enzymes, chest xray, and stress test ALL GOOD. 21, active. Occasional chest cramp/arm pain. Can I rule out a heart issue?	Yes You were low probability to begin with, and with all of those tests being normal, it is safe to say it is not your heart. You and your doctor should explore other possible causes.
1500093	I have started to take the Depo-Provera shot on August 21 and ever since then I have gotten more irregular periods and more heaving bleeding .WHY IS THIS ?	Normal Most women bleed irregularly for at least the first 12 weeks on depo provera. Provera is thinning out the lining of your uterus called the endometrium. As it atrophies it will break off and you will have irregular bleeding. Almost everyone has this as a normal side effect of the depo. This and weight gain are the most likely reasons why many women quit depo. It usually resolves by the second
829791	Missed pill. My period is 3 days late and im having cramping and light brown discharge/spotting instead, early sign of pregnancy?	Possible Always a possibility, especially with missed pills. But could also be your period a little late, could be breakthrough bleeding from the pills, could be from other causes - fibroids, ovarian cysts, stress, lots of things can cause irregular bleeding. Always best to rule out pregnancy first.
1253784	Please tell me what vitamin defficiency causes leg and foot pain/cramping/soreness?	It sounds like More than a vitamin deficiency is going on. Have you ruled out other causes? Magnesium is usually good for muscle cramps but if your complaining of pain i'd look for all possible causes.
6777986	Hand foot mouth virus what do they do for it she has bumps on the bottom of her mouth and inside her mouth and on wrist ?	Viral to make the clinical diagnosis she should have some red spots and her soles or palms in addition to the mouth. Unfortunately, there is no known treatment for the virus. Just push fluids
6697526	Non itchy skin color raised patch no scale over both elbows & knees, all of same duration treated with mild steroid no response. probable diagnosis?	Difficult to know A chronic rash is difficult to diagnose without more information about you and visualization of the rash. A Virtual consult may help. With the information given, granuloma annulare comes to mind. Usually there is a central depression within a ring sized flesh colored patch. If stretched, you will likely see smaller papules. They sometimes herald thyroid disease. Low potency steroids fail.
616583	Is it safe to use a salt water nasal spray clean out your sinuses with hay fever allergies?	Yes It should ease your symptoms.
60292	I have heart disease and extremely large breasts what can I do to shrink my breasts safely without surgery or is that my only option?	No magic solution Losing weight often disproportionately removes bulk from the breasts, but not reliably. If they are extremely large surgery is the only real solution. Your heart disease will need eval prior to surg.
1231235	Had knee pain/swelling for a month, after that i had bilateral joint pain wrists, shoulders, hands since 15y/o.Now the bone in fngers is larger.Why?	Have it evaluated. Arthritis can be genetic or it can be due to gout, infection or chronic wear and tear. It can result in local areas of inflammation within the joint.
1598252	Can a sinus infection swell on one side of your nose.fluid pours out of mouth.when spray nose fluid comes out fast.nose burns.head fills full?	Sinusitis.. A sinus infection presents with nasal congestion, sinus pressure and/or pain, headaches, nasal colored discharge which can come out through your mouth when you cough or as drainage. You may experience fever and fatigue as well. It sounds you may be having similar symptoms. Depending on how bad and how long you've had symptoms the need for antibiotics. See your doctor for more evaluation.
894058	My right hand has been numb for 5 hours from my ring finger to my thumb. My pinky is not though. What might this be? Was like this when i got up today	Carpal tunnel The fingers you describe are innervated by the median nerve (half of the ring finger to the thumb) which goes through the carpal tunnel. Carpal tunnel syndrome can cause those symptoms you are having. See a dr. For an evaluation and treatment. Best wishes.
539849	Missed two periods but first month had negative hpt. Got a blood test that shows my hCG at 454mlu (friday) how long can I be? Please help me. Thank yo	Less than 2 weeks Wait 2 more weeks and repeat the HCG test.
6735498	I think I have yeast infection been on monistat7 for 5 days now. Still itches wiping orange speckles. 22 days late on period. Not pregnant no stds?	Upt Start with urine pregnancy test kit
1201175	I have medial meniscus grade 1 degeneration signal on my both knee shown in my mri.What must i do?	Meniscus Grade i tears is essentially non-surgical. Ice nsaids and possibly a cortisone injections are good options for treatment and usually address the issue.
1415068	What do you suggest if my doctor put me on loratadine 10mg antihistamine, one tablet every 24 Benadryl after I've already taken loratadine for 2 days now?	Depends on Problem If you were put on loratadine for allergies and it is not responding to the medication you can take the loratadine in the morning and Benadryl at night. But, there are other allergy medicine that may help you more. I would suggest letting your doctor know you are not getting relief. Also, be careful with Benadryl as it can be sedating and driving with it is a DUI in many states.
6767491	I just had knee replacement surgery. I am feeling shall pain at the attachment. I've gain a little weight, is that the reason?	It is very common to have pain at the "attachments" since they are after all "foreign bodies" and the interface can hurt much like any joint feels on occasion. .(Especially in damp weather right??? If your walling is normal..relax...and enjoy your new knee! Hope this helps! Dr Z
379524	I am 6 months pregnant with a few flesh colored bumps on the outter part of my vagina they don't hurt or itch what are they? They don't hurt itch or puss at all. They look a little like skin tags but i've never had them before. I noticed i just started ge	These These could be skin tags or warts. Try putting on a little white vinegar, if they turn white chances are that they are warts. Warts may grow or appear in pregnancy because of the associated immunosuppression.
1062349	19 yr old with trouble with back and neck for years but lately knees and wrists and even elbows are in pain, hurts walking, sitting, sleeping?	Inflamation It sounds that you are experiencing rather broad symptoms of inflammation of your joints. This might represent an inflammatory condition such as fibromyalgia or early inflammatory arthritis. I would suggest an appointment with you family doctor for some baseline blood test to investigate. Good luck.
994702	3 weeks slight chest pressure/burning. Not constant but lasts a few hours. No other symptoms. Heart related? I have history of reflux. Age 34.	See details This sounds like reflux but see a doctor to be sure and also to start taking something on a regular basis for the reflux.
662805	Why do I have everyday dizziness? Blood pressure is perfect , all heart work perfect, MRI of brain reveals nothing. Pressure in right ear constant.	ENT "dizziness. ..Ear" - you need an evaluation by an ENT expert.
1476640	Can you have pancreatitis with normal blood test levels? Or will lipase and amylase be elevated? How would it be diagnosed?	Amylase and lipase are elevated in pancreatitis. If the blood levels of these enzymes are normal, you do not have panreatitis. See this site for more info. http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/pancreatitis/basics/definition/con-20028421
1028461	F, 16, throbbing abdominal pain, recurrent; not UTI (cultures done); blood clots in urine, increased pain-9 with urination that does not relieve after?	Sounds like Colicky Pains that you are having. See your pcp. Blood clots can cause these colics or you might be having stones passing down the tube(ureter) from the kidneys. You might need to be seen by a urologist, which your pcp can organize it for you or go to the er.
90787	Pain on top of left shoulder, left elbow, left forearm, wrist and ring finger and knuckle and slight pain in left upper chest. What could this be?	Fibromyalgia Fibromyalgia can cause widespread pain such as what you describe. You may feel as if there is swelling and morning stiffness but no visible evidence of swelling. One side of the body is usually worse than the other and symptoms can be associated with fatigue, insomnia and depression. This is a clinical diagnosis but other forms of arthralgias are ruled out with a complete h&p , labs and xrays if.
340758	I live in chicago when i go outside of house i get acne and itchy face its fine inside help?I use sensitive soap free facewash & oilfree moisturizer.	Environmental factor Symptoms suggest an environmental factor triggering skin problems. Possibly pollution, allergy, lake effect, or other cause. Best to check with dermatologist for help.
900277	I just got done being sick from whatever illness. I have a fever, body aches, & a really bad sore throat. &some how an ear infection too. Why is this happening?	Many Causes You likely have a viral illness. Many viruses cause illnesses like yours; the flu is one. Viruses cannot be treated with antibiotics and must run their course. But you can also develop a bacterial infection, which does require antibiotics. Common sites are the throat, ears, and sinuses. You may want to see your doctor if the throat/ear pain continue or if any of your symptoms worsen.
1488098	Have calcified vein in pelvis.Radiologist report says unidentified ideology.( Also have kidney stones) Isn't that a phlebolith? Why then have a CT ?	Not sure. Sometimes a phlebolith can't be differentiated from a distal ureter stone on xray, and a CT is done to make the distinction. Perhaps the calcified vein is a larger vein than the small veins associated with phleboliths, and further evaluation is needed. But I can't be sure based on limited info. Try discussing the need for a ct with your doc.
404615	Is there an effective non-antibiotic treatment for an inner ear infection? I have had reactions to tetracycline, amoxicillin, clindamycin, erythromycin and smz/tmp 800-160. I have swollen lymph nodes (for 1 week  now), no discernible fever and very little	You You are describing a probable viral or allergy symptoms, since you have no pain. Continue daily antihistamines and your flonase. Be sure that you are taking a true sudafed decongestant. You'll need a prescription in oregon, the over-the-counter decongestants are no longer true sudafed. Time should improve your symptoms, with the above interventions.
823895	Last period 14.05. Today 14.06, haven't had my period, home pregnancy is negative. Could hCG be low cause of early pregnancy? When to take blood test?	After missed period Blood test for pregnancy is generally positive one day after a missed period, if the woman is pregnant. For home test it is better to wait 4-5 days after missed period to do the test; use first morning urine and follow the instructions carefully.
739995	How can I remove semen from my vagina after sex to prevent pregnancy?	Cannot Once seminal fluid containing sperm enters a woman's vagina, it is not possible to remove all the sperm to reliably prevent pregnancy. The sperm enters a woman's cervical mucus very quickly (within moments), and removing it cannot be done. Use some other method of birth control.
1239007	Ana titer 1&2 1:160, pos with homogeneous & speckled, ers 29, RA factor 7,  aso <100, seg 65.2. Suffer from fatigue, sometimes have pain. Is this lupus?	Impossible to say The ANA must be evaluated in the context of the clinical symptoms. It is not that specific a test. See a rheumatologist for an evaluation.
547637	Head and face pressure, dizziness and headaches, started getting paim around the jaw to sometimes in my theeth, thought sinuses but no blocked nose?	Headaches I think you should be evaluated for ;possible TMJ disorders.
1145058	Ideas? What are possible areas where venipuncture can be performed?	Many areas. Venipunctures can be performed in many areas but the most common are in the veins in the hands or arms. Sometimes, in people whose veins are difficult to fine, veins in the groins (femora's) or even the neck (jugular) can be used.
1145727	I have ear infection in left ear & tooth ache on left side, what to do for treatment?	See MD/DO first An upper posterior tooth's roots are into or near the sinus cavity, and an ear infection can create some pain with the tooth/teeth. If you know you definitely have an infection, then an md/do is definitely the first step. The question is also whether the tooth had pain first or vice versa.
605245	I had a yeast infection a few weeks ago and now I have a rash on my vagina...No itching burning or odor. Is that normal?	Hard to say The yeast infection may have caused some itching/burning, irritation of the vagina. Without an exam it is impossible to say for sure, but a vaginal/vulvar rash is ery common with yeast infections.
1106826	I have pain on patella (front of knee) 4.5 months post ACL reconstruction?	Very common Pain in the front of the knee is a common problem after acl reconstruction. More so after a patellar tendon autograft. Kee doing your rehab.
6630977	I took a 60mg Vyvanse today at 6 in the morning, I then 2.5 mg of Ativan spread out  and then about 5-10mg of dxm. What's risk of serotonin syndrome?	Low Low
6633603	Job injury,low back pain that travels to left side of body,an left leg also,MRI normal, emg normal but after 7 months I'm still the same
?	Back Pain You should see a spine specialist. One thing that is often missed is spondylolisthesis which is very common and occasionally can be seen only on flexion/extension x-rays. I have seen this missed many times on MRI since this is only shows a picture of the spine while lying on your back and not while bending.
1574870	Had 2nd Depo-Provera injection 3 days ago, 7th day of missed period but have always had my period on contraception such as implant and pills, pregnant?	Not likely You are not likely pregnant. Irregular bleeding, and often no periods at all, it a common effect of Depo Provera.
1006927	Had severe abd pain CT showed 6 CM ovarian cyst ruptured. Today u.S. Shows mod. Fluid in pelvis with cysts on both ovaries. Period tom. Is this normal?	Depends Fluid in the pelvis after ruptured ovarian cyst is typical. Cysts on the ovaries may be typical depending on the stage in your cycle. How big were the cysts? I assume your pregnancy test is negative?
1078930	Pelvic pain, had complete hysterectomy, no uterus, tubes, ovaries, nor cervix, in 2009 no cancer was the reason. Bm and urinate just find. Worried?	Why worry? Go see your doctor and ask for further check up and treatment for pelvic pain.
1485346	My inner vaginal lips are very swollen and there is a hard bump between my right thigh that burst and produced an exorbitant amount of pus. ?	See your doctor Sounds like possibly an abscess. The treatment often includes drainage (it sounds like this is already spontaneously happening) and oral antibiotics. See your doctor. Take Care
232575	How long do you have to have chlamydia to develop pelvic inflammatory disease pid?	Unknown There is no magic number. It all depends on your body and your immunity. If your immunity is low the disease can reek havoc. If it is high it will keep the progression of the disease in check.
626076	My first month on my Depo-Provera shot i had no period just a lil spotting then my second i had a period.Is this normal?	Yes It is not uncommon to have some irregular bleeding for the first 3 months. After that most people will stop bleeding all together.
274577	I have pain in my upper right chest above my breast my right arm and shoulder hurts I have a tough time breathing and am tired a lot my lungs are normal my EKG was normal the pain is not going any where my d dimer test is elevated and my red count and whi	Sorry Sorry your question was cut off...Please repost.
1287381	I have white heads on my face and my skin is oily. Also I have acne marks . What cream or facewash should I use to get rid of all? Please help me	See a dermatologist Meanwhile, try otc Benzoyl Peroxide Gel (cream). Ask for the lowest %. Keep it off any nice fabrics as it bleaches them (but does not bleach skin). It is drying and can be irritating. Acne is sometimes related to medicines, but is mostly a matter of hormones (puberty in your case) and is largely determined by heredity. It is not your diet, hygiene, or stress. Treatment of significant acne requires.
914659	Frequency and burning pee but no UTI and no std! what could it be?	May still have UTI Those are symptoms of UTI or injury to the urethra or bladder. Even though culture may be negative, you may have a viral uti. Frequent sexual intercourse or inserting a foreign body into vagina also may cause these symptoms. Other rare causes of cystitis (infection of urinary bladder) may be a stone, tumor, blood clots in the urine, and others. If your symptoms persist, i would consult a urologist.
1592444	How can I remove or expell yeast infection cream out of my vagina faster?	Vinegar Douche You can do a vinegar douche if it frustrates you to have a cheesy discharge from your yeast infection.
569245	Miscarried 30 days ago now im bleeding heavy blood clots, bad cramping pressure all 3test were negative is this a miscarriage r normal cycle?	Not realted You need to see your physician to clarify why you are doing this.
698865	I have developed a rash-like hives on my face on friday. It is swollen a little, with redness and itchiness, and it is still there. What could it be?	Many possibilities Itchy facial rash can be from allergic reaction to drugs, chemicals, cosmetics, insect bites and many others. Start with your primary care doctor for examination and treatment.
98840	Should both mammogram and sonogram be done forlarge breasts?	What is the question Hello t0myy322. I am not sure what your question is, but mammography is the generally accepted standard for radiographic screening for breast cancer. Breast size should not matter. Ultrasound is not appropriate for screening, but can be used if a specific area of the breast is of concern. Mri is also used under certain circumstances.
1287470	I have a fear of getting lukemia or lung cancer from one chest CT scan which i had one month ago. Is it dangerous to have CT scan? Can i get cancer ?	Perspective The risk is too small to measure reliably, and the claims i've seen about diagnostic x-rays causing thousands of cases of cancer yearly look to me to be flawed. You also need to be aware that you're exposed to background radiation constantly that makes up a far greater amount of your exposure. Dna mutates even from quantum fluctuations. If you still can't manage this fear, your doctor can help.
1075671	Period is 2 months late, negative pregnancy tests, lots of discharge, headaches, fatigue...My period has never ever been late. Could i be pregnant?	Technique If you did the test more than 4-5 days after the missed period, did it correctly, a negative test essentially rules out pregnancy. Menstrual irregularities are not uncommon and a common cause is anovulatory cycles. You may wish to consult this site and discuss the matter with your doctor. http://www.nichd.nih.gov/health/topics/menstruation/conditioninfo/pages/causes.aspx.
1532915	Queasy, weird feeling below naval (like something is moving) period due on 8th of Nov. Neg HPT, sore breasts, period like feeling cramps but no blood?	Consider Have you had unprotected sex since your last period?I would advise waiting until you actually miss your period on or around the 8th until you think about doing another HPT. Often HPT's done before the missed period can miss an early pregnancy because they're not sensitive enough to detect lower hormone levels.Could also consider symptoms as premenstrual symptoms.
281951	Does a hiatal hernia cause armpit pain and chest pain? I have had stress test and a lot of heart work and eveything came back good	Could be Large hiatal hernias, also known as para esophageal hernias, commonly mimick cardiac pain. They can be diagnosed with an x-ray where you drink barium (esophagram) and/or upper endoscopy. The only treatment is surgical, typically using a laparoscopic approach.
1354894	What can cause yellow discharge and odor, negative on STD test, and just got treated on yeast infection?	Bacterial Vaginosis Any change in the normal flora in the vagina can affect the smell, colour, or texture of the discharge. However with a negative STD results it is probably more than likely Bacterial Vaginosis. Bacterial Vaginosis is a bacterial infection that is not sexually transmitted.
539661	I've been having headaches,  nausea, dizziness,  some lower abdominal pain,  stomach seems a little distended, and funny taste what is this from?	Many things These symptoms can only be adequately diagnosed only after a thorough evaluation by your doctor. This may include labs and other satudies. Once all of the information is in, your doctor can let you know what's going on, and what to do to help you.
6689313	I have bilateral swelling and tingling of my hands.  Mostly upon walking but also if I am sitting on the couch and my hands are higher than my elbows.	See a doctor. This condition could have many causes. You need further evaluation and exam by a healthcare provider.
1223951	Severe nausea, back ache head ache, cramps, lower stomach pain, sexually active been having for 6 days now on bc may not have taken correctly. ?	Not the whole story In someone who is sexually active and now with nausea, back pain and pelvic pain, the first thing to check is a pregnancy test. If you are pregnant, then you need to seek help immediately. If the test is negative, then the answer is yes, taking pills incorrectly could cause some breakthrough bleeding and cramping.
506298	I'm a factory worker and my job requires me to stand for 8 hrs and sometimes carry heavy things I have breast cancer stage 3 but i 've already done with my chemotheraphy  and radiation last  feb of this year but still have 4 sessions of herceptin. Can i g	Uncertain Your question does not appear complete as printed here. Please restate the question for a potential answer.
388534	Severe lower abdominal pain and bloating after meals, please help! think my docs are looking in the wrong direction. I am 31 years old and had a partial hysterectomy 6 years ago. They removed my uterus and cervix due to endometriosis.  At that time they f	You You could have more than one issue like irritable bowel syndrome, adhesions, and/or endometriosis. A negative colonoscopy is nice. The irregular/alternating bm's are very indicative of irritable bowel syndrome. A laparoscopy may reveal endometriosis. Another alternative is a therapeutic trial of Lupron to shut down ovarian function and endometriosis. If you have relief during the Lupron trial surgery may identify endometriosis.
1480642	I have a non itchy rash on my left arm and chest that spread to my neck and back over night. What could it be?	Many causes If it lasts for less than a couple of weeks, then I won't pay much attention to it. But if it gets painful, it may be from shingles and you need to see your doctor ASAP to get started on an anti-viral drug to reduce potential complications. Suspect shingles if the rash does not extend beyond the mid-line of the body.
1473692	I had sex about a month ago, now a week ago I started having sore breast, nausea, belly pain, fatigue, peeing alot, and back pain, could I be pregnant?	Pregnancy If you are sexually active and do not use birth control, you may become pregnant. If you missed a period, get a pregnancy test. If you are pregnant, be sure to take prenatal vitamins and routine prenatal care for a healthy baby.
236002	Is it possible to have breast cancer cells in lung cancer?	Yes Lung cancer - as in other organs where cancer is found include primary ( from within) and secondary ( as the result of cancer spread) cancers. Breast cancer can spread to brain, bone, lung, and liver.
840253	Palpitations, sob, chest pressure for months. Xray, stress test, echo, ekg, holtr monitor all clear. Is this anxiety or something else? Seen by cardi& gp	Anxiety? If cardiac & metabolic abnormalities were ruled out, possible anxiety.
285456	I had cancerest tima on my kidney 1 year later breast cancer are they related?	Probably not Kidneys are a very rare place for breast cancer to spread to. Such tumors are even more rare as the first and only site of spread.
709067	I've got a little cold sore on my upper lip. It's sorta itchy and there is a little lump. How can I get rid of it?	Lemon balm Melissa officinalis or lemon balm (cream) has been shown in european studies to help expedite healing of cold sores.
6794615	I contracted herpes hsv 1 from a sexworker 17 years back . After the sex i develop small bumps one head of the penis which itches. for last two years?	Here are some... Current small bumps on glans penis are less likely related with HSV-I contracted 17 yrs ago. Instead, go to let urologist take a look to see if what you have is related with long foreskin. If yes, good topical hygiene with possible later circumcision may be required. To have the needed healthcare things done correctly, follow instructions in http://formefirst.com/eNewsletter06.html.
39211	Can breast cancer recur after radiation therapy?	Yes However, chance of recurrence is much reduced because of radiation. This is the reason that radiation is the standard of care after breast conservation surgery. Chance of local recurrence is reduced by about 2/3.
229540	When I shave my bikini area it hurts and I get red bumps (some are pimple like and/or ingrown hairs)  afterwards that hurt as well. When the hair is growing back it's discomforting as well. Is there anything I can do to prevent this? I use shaving cream w	Shave daily You should shave daily. Your dermatologist can give medication to help control problem if there are still sores.
231521	One of my patients have cirrhosis of liver but with normal sgpt level. What could cause this?	Not unusual It's not unusual to have normal liver enzyme levels when you have cirrhosis. These enzymes are elevated when there's is ongoing liver damage. Cirrhosis is scarring of the liver. If the damage to the liver has already been done, the levels may be normal.
930060	Is it safe & effective to insert garlic into the vagina to treat a yeast infection?	No benefit The garlic is not going to rid you of the yeast. It probably would not hurt the vagina, but it would not be of any benefit.
283440	Due to my uterus growing from pregnancy, can there be less sexual pleasure?	Unlike;y I don't think that.
1376155	MILD pain from both upper and lower tooth after biting on a corn. Infection? TMJ? Cracked? Dentist says nothing's wrong.  2 weeks now, still mild pain	Could be Could be a number of things. Could be a subtle crack (if so will not get better), or just a contusion (would get better), Would not be TMJ unless you have pain in your jaw joint in front of ear. If pain persists, see your dentist again. You may be referred to an endodontist for assessment.
545371	Any tricks to getting over the flu fast? Body ache, chills, nasal congestion, cough, etc.	Antiviral The antiviral medication tamiflu is indicated for the treatment of inflluenza a or b infection if given within 48 hours of symptom onset. This can shorten symptoms by a couple of days. Otherwise, rest, fluids, tylenol and maybe chicken soup along with time is needed.
295970	I am having a squeezing pain on my left arm between my elbow and shoulder on the inside. What could this be?	Hard to say Hard to say without a physical exam. Most common are problems with the shoulder or neck but it would be best to be seen by your doctor before you accept a diagnosis over the internet.
663041	Ear ache, sore throat, body aches, chills, no fever at all. Just started yesterday, what could it be and what can help?	Infection Fluids, aspirin. If temp goes up or not better in48 hrs talk to your md.
1099016	Please explain what are the best ways to stop snoring ?	Weight loss Regular exercise and a better diet. Although some snoring issues are caused by anatomic abnormalities in the mouth, but many cases of sleep apnea are due to obesity. A good balance of cardio and resistance training. The body loves variety so incorporate multiple modalities of exercise.
760742	Been having frequent episodes of vertigo/dizziness for months with blurred vision, tingling in my lips. Nausea/headache follow at times. Possible cause?	Difficult to say Vertigo is a sensation of spinning or motion of the person or the environment, while dizziness is not a sense of motion but lightheadedness or feeling floaty or off kilter. There can be neurologic issues, inner ear problems , visual problems, psychologic issues, cardiovascular problems, and many other issues. You need a thorough medical evaluation.
399369	I have vaginal itching, no burning, normal discharge, I have a rash, what is wrong with me? The rash is on the right lip of my vagina and  the vulva i think thats what its called.	Rashes Rashes in the vaginal area can be caused by several different conditions. If it is a new rash, associated with itching, or if you have any pain, vomiting, or fever, then please ask your doctor for a complete evaluation.
1397572	Age 27 Had kind of high blood pressure for a year or 2.  Got it normal now. (I stressed a lot). would it be unlikely to cause HCM (THICK HEART) AT 27?	No HCM is not an acquired illness and isn't caused by HBP. It's a genetic illness that you acquire through heredity.
493800	I've been experiencing dizziness for several months now, with occasional ear pain. Does this sound like a brain tumor or a sinus problem?	Get seen This can be anything from a chronic ear infection to wegener's granulomatosis to an ear mass to acoustic neuroma to a nearby infection to lots of other things. Your physician will want to examine your ear and perhaps do some imaging studies. Don't self-diagnose something deadly yet, but do get seen now.
1505425	I have an IUD and the lupron Depo-Provera shot, I have had spotting. My breast are sore and my belly has cramps. I've taken a PT, negative. Can I be pregnant ?	Probably not these may be side effects from the IUD and the Depo Lupron if worried recheck your pregnancy test in a week or get a serum test
685298	Is there a way to help get rid of kidney stones?	Depends Some stones may be helped by alkalinizing the urine, some by acidifying. Some may only be helped by removal. Most stones benefit from good hydration. Some are helped by dietary modification. Ask your urologist.
1463618	I am having uterus cramps on the left after period ended early with bloated n worst constipation like pregnancy sign. Why?	Several items If you could be pregnant and in a lot of pain, then you should be checked for a possible tubal pregnancy urgently. If not then it could be related to your tube (infection), ovary (cyst) or endometriosis, which would be part of the differential workup.
607720	My bf and i had sex both 2 days before and the day before my ovulation.  We had unprotected sex.  How great is the chance of pregnancy?  Having cramps	Possible chance The chances of conceiving as you described is approximately 15 to 20% per month.
600113	Can a brain tumor grow within 6mths i'm worried cuz i get pains n my head & headaches it's like a everyday thang i've had MRI & CT 4mths ago i'm scare?	Buck up, Jellybelly It sounds almost like you'd be happier if you did have a tumor you've had MRIs & CTs and they showed no tumors you need to let go of the headache = tumor obsession & take control of your life & your headaches instead of playing the victim & letting them control you go to a doctor & start getting these everyday thangs under control instead of just being scare & going poor, poor, pitiful me.
664892	I am 62 and i'm concerned about the condition of my heart, recently i did a little running as i was in a bit of rush,  my chest felt tight, what wrong?	Ccould be This could certainly be related to your heart. It would be advisable to be seen by your physician or possibly a cardiologist to have these symptoms checked out sooner rather than later. I hope this helps.
822857	Causes of severe mid back pain worse with deep breath also numbing in left leg and foot? Desperate for answers	LBP worse with resp And deep breathing mgiht be from your rib cage rather than your back. Are you getting pain int he chest - which is pkeurisy or in yoru back? It also could be your kindeys which move on respiration. Nnumbess in the leg and foot can be a nerve problem or a back problem. You need to see a doc to sort these out with an examination.
6794929	used aloe vera gel mixed with tea tree oil on my entire face. And apply benzoyl peroxide cream just on my acne? Will it worsen my acne if i do that?	Acne Some people's skin is very sensitive to Aloe Vera as well as to Tea Tree Oil. Benzoyl peroxide can be quite irritating to acne. There is potential for problems with this concoction of ingredients.
1127870	4 wk knee pain, esp after sitting and bending.Better when walking, but more sore in evening.See doc in wk.What to do to get better.Walking, biking bad?	Specialist will help Sounds like chondromalacia patella (cmp) or patellofemoral syndrome (pfs) both essentially the same. See a sports medicine musculoskeletal specialist, usually a doctor of osteopathic medicine (D.O.) that specializes in omm (osteopathic manual medicine) or nmm (neuromuscular medicine) with a sports medicine background. You'll be prescribed exercises, stretches and usually a brace to reduce pain.
833493	Brwn discharge with mild abdominal cramps 2 days after period and lower back pain. Had sex  week before period and it was 2 -3days late cud i be preg?	Take the test If you want to know if you are pregnant, take a test. In today's world you do not need to wonder if you are pregnant or not based on symptoms. Pregnancy tests are available at any pharmacy and in minutes you will have your answer. They can detect a pregnancy 7-10 days after conception. The best time to take one is when you miss your period.
863833	Habing sharp pain in middle finger and fourth finger.  What is the cause.  Which nerves affect these fingers.  Radial artery occluded. Is this related?	Complex symptoms Having undergone an angiogram there is obvious concern for the vascularity of the limb. While the radial artery occlusion will effect the blood supply to the hand, it does not usually cause a sharp pain but more of an ache. The palmar aspects of the middle finger and half of the ring finger are innervated by the median nerve (carpal tunnel nerve). See a hand surgeon for an evaluation of symptoms.
1392913	I had tooth pulled over 3 weeks ago took amoxicillin then 3day z Pakistan sense start clindamycin something bitter and nasty coming out of socket?	Go back to dentist and have him check the socket.
1392915	LP Done. Monocytes 1%, Serum IgG 587/mg/DL,Albumin 4100ml,IGG Index 1.1mg,WBC 23/mm3,RBC 1/mm3, CSF IGG 3.6 mg/DL,Lymphocytoid 97%, protein, neutrophils, glucose, CSF albumin all norm. Any ideas?	Viral meningitis Could be assoc with viral meningitis, like recurrent herpes meningitis, perhaps genital or oral. I'd doubt that it would be infectious.I'm assuming she's seeing a neurologist for what might be an inflammatory meningitis.
342621	Had 3 posotive urine tests but neg blood test it was <2  for the hCG my tubes r tied could i be pregnant I am about 5-8days late?	Discuss with doc Symptoms and concerns like these mandate a thorough evaluation by your doctor. Only after such an evaluation, which may include labs and radiographic examinations, can he/she let you know what's going on and how best to help you.
1334704	Does vitamin d deficiency 34 nmol and high uric acid 425  make Fatigue and heart palptation and dizzy  ? Ecg done and echo done both normal .	No Neither of those will cause any of the symptoms you describe.
526650	I have a cough a sore throat diarrhea stuffy nose and a fever what is it and what can I do to treat it?	See your doctor If your symptoms have been going on for this long, its time to see your doctor. He/she will examine you and probably run some tests to try to get an idea of whats going on.
1208856	Swollen nodes in groin, supraclavicular, and in neck. More than 4 months for all? Possibilities? 16, no stds, not infection.	To biopsy or not? If they are definitely big and have been so for four months, and these are not just the palpable nodes that every teen has, your physician's task is to decide whether to biopsy given that finding an actual treatable illness is unlikely. Trust you are hiv-, hep b/c and RPR neg, no arthritis, lack the mediastinal nodes of sarcoid, on no meds that can do this, and without fever / night-sweats.
6752935	Bitten by insect on lower leg in 4 sites. Swells red (thumb size) with brown center and itches. Treatments thus far contain but don't cure. Advice?	I don't know what you mean by "CURE". ...Local antibiotic/antiitch creams may help but "TINCTURE OF TIME" is the only "CURE"! If there is INFECTION however a systemic antibiotic may be needed. Call your Primary Care Provider as soon as practicable! Hope this helps! Dr Z
1537084	I've had sneezing, runny nose, watery eyes, scratchy throat, and chills (no fever). Does this sound like a cold or allergies?	Cold These are all symptoms of a cold. Allergy is less likely since this is so widespread. Do the usual: Plenty of fluids, warmth, hot baths and over the counter decongestants like Chlorpheneramine and expectorants if you are coughing. See your doctor if this is persistent.
1157979	Awaiting surgery for hietal hernia in which my stomach is in chest cavity.  I am having watery diarrhea that smells like commit.  Is this serious?	Diarrhea The doctor who plans to perform the surgery for your hiatus hernia needs to know about this and assess you further to determine the cause and possible need to delay surgery.
323647	Female, age 48, menopause 3 years, hypothyroid 2 yrs, post varicose veins laser treatment 9 months. Pain below knee joints and calf. Ulnar neuropathy.?	Pain in legs Most likly due to varicose vains, but you check with health practitioner to make exam for blood cloth ulnar neuropathy is in the arm.
562070	Stomach pain, nausea, dizziness and there's a really bad taste in my mouth. Any advice?	See below Try a bland diet and lots of fluids. If it persists, see your doctor.
1464077	Had breast cyst since age 16 US every year was told nothing changed now 22 should I be concerned about this turning into cancer?	Every woman has to be concerned to develop breast cancer , you are no exception with benign breast cysts , incidence is slightly higher than those who has no fibrocystic disease . Best option is follow the instructions of your doctor , go for regular follow up visits At 22 incidence is very very low , than some one at 62 age is no exception for cancer.
834565	Constant itch sensation under rhs shoulder blade. Pain on rhs lung. Rhs neck gland swollen and have had a sore throat. No cold or flu. Lung cancer?	Unlikely Visit your doctor for a check up of the swollen gland.
620044	Inthelast week I have had a sudden sharp stabbing pain (in one point) in my upper left arm half way between elbow and shoulder on the inside.Whatisit?	Heart /pinched nerve At 49, always rule out heart disease with a cardiology consultation and a stress test. A pinched nerve in the neck or arm can cause similar pain.
6790003	Possible reoccurring yeast infection off and on since may, discharge creamy to watery, yellowish to clear, minor itching, no burning, swelling. Help?	Vaginal Discharge When the type of vaginal discharge change has not been diagnosed - it is best to have this medically assessed. Bottom line is that the cause needs to be determined to develop a viable treatment strategy. Take care.
1440467	Neck pain and face tingling/spasms. Sometimes arm/hand tingling. MRI and CT of head/brainboth fine. Problem occurs mostly during long computer hours e?	Nerves Did your MRI include the upper spinal column? Have you had any blood test, specifically calcium levels? The differential includes: Over-use injury (over use causing local inflammation and irritation of the nerves); a "pinched" or impinged nerve, or it could also be an electrolyte abnormality like low calcium causing the nerves to be more prone to tetanic activity.
1116460	I have tingling and numbness in hands, elbow and forearm - are these depression symptom?	Not normally Depressive sx's may include low mood, irritability, anger, ^ or v sleep, change in appetite, feelings of helplessness or hopelessness, v energy, v self-esteem, feelings of guilt. V motivation, absence of joy, v concentration, v memory ; suicidal thoughts.
777484	Could it be that liver cancer transfers to another person trough sexual contact?	No, Not cancer Hapatitis virus can , but not liver cancer.
542680	Strange bumps on vulva. Some pus filled. Is this normal? R there any over-the-counter meds that can help get rid of it? 
(not sexually active, virgin)	Moist heat, review Superficial infections of the genital skin are frequent. Sebaceous oil glands are present in the skin. The skin is quite thick and durable, thus leading to the problem of local infection of these small glands. Local moist heat with a wash cloth with hot water 3-4 times per day along with witch hazel as a skin lubrication may help. Surgeon review with lance, drainage, antibiotics maybe needed.
1226678	My 3 yr old daughter developed a painful  cough & sore throat 4 days ago. Bloodshot eyes. High fever at night only. Is this the flu? Something else?	Cough This could be the flu or another viral illness. It could also be a bacterial illness such as strep throat or even pneumonia. I recommend you consult with your doctor so the correct diagnosis can be made and the appropriate treatment plan implemented.
6716036	Can u use tramadol w/ wellbutrin if you have a severe migraine (dx'd) & no seizure history?	Use w/ caution You can use them with caution as the combination can increase your risk of seizures even if you haven't had a history of seizures before. Wellbutrin alone can increase the risk of seizures especially in those who are underweight, have a h/o eating disorders or a h/o head trauma.
280864	Where would you send a 42 y o woman with long term chronic anemia diagnosed SVT palpitations shortness of breath intermittent swelling of lower extremities and fatigue ?	Cardiologist A consult with a cardiologist would be most beneficial. Work will include an echocardiogram, ekg & monitoring device.
6781270	I have a red spot on my face somewhat like a pimple but with no head. The center is numb. I am not prone to acne or pimples. Should I be concerned?	Yes There are numerous causes for the pimple you described including infections, external irritants. manifestation of systemic diseases, and more. Be aware that diagnosis of skin lesions is very challenging without visual inspection. Additionally a complete medical history and exam is necessary to provide a full diagnostic picture. See your doctor now for correct and prompt diagnosis/treatment.
1312423	Missed period, week late now, blood streaked mucus days before n after missed pd, brownish spotting at time pd due. Neg pregnant tests 4 days late. Why?	Hormone imbalance Your cycle is affected by many factors- including stress, sleep, nutrition. If one or more if these have changed significantly in the past month, your cycle can be affected. A blood test done by your doctor can determine with greater accuracy whether you are pregnant.
1487878	Just had wisdom teeth out, could amoxicillin or vicodin be causing dizziness or is it a side effect of surgery?	Could be both Especially from the Vicoden. Call the Surgeon and report your symptoms.
6660135	The anxiety attack I just had made my brain and head feel numb. Is that normal? Plus I've been pretty dizzy almost daily with anxiety and panic. .help	Anxiety Feeling keyed up, restless, tense & can't relax, fearful, can't sleep, worry a lot, physical symptoms of hyper arousal such are fast heart, sweat, headache, stomach & bowel gases & distention, sense of urgency, tremors, ache/pains anywhere. Wondering if u r on medications for anxiety?
103725	I've been having mild chest pains, shortness of breath, and now my throat feels swollen. Virus or bacterial or other?	Evaluation Shortness of breath and chest pain (regardless of severity) are potentially serious symptoms that should be evaluated. Do you have fever? You may need xrays. Epiglottitis is a life threatening condition which could cause all of the above. You could have pneumonia or pleurisy or many other possibilities. Please see your doctor or go to the er.
1157078	I had a ganglyon surgery 2 days ago. When I do a forward thrust with my hand i feel my thumb and index finger a little numb is this normal?Left hand	Median nerve It seems that ganglion may have been right in the mid wrist on front side. If so, that is also where median nerve travels. The swelling from surgery may be causing temporary symptoms and it should subside once the swelling resolves. Talk to your surgeon.
1487870	My heart skips every third beat, specially when lying/sleeping. My resting rate is about 56bpm, pressure 105/65, age 38. What could be cause?	Heart skip Everyone's heart skips. They're more noticeable when you're in a quiet, non-distracted place...like in bed, especially when you lie left side down. If it's especially troublesome, a cardiac evaluation can be done. Meanwhile, avoid caffeine, nicotine, stimulants, excess fatigue, and, if possible, stress.
103094	Epstein barr virus related to other diseases besides mono?	E B Virus Yes it causes mono and , it is also assciated with a particular cancer hodgkin lymphoma, burkitts lymphoma, nasopharyngeal lymphoma and central nervous system lymphomas associated with hiv. There is some evidence that this virus is also associated with higher risk of auto immune diseases like dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, rhematoid arthritis and sjogrens syndrome and multiple sclerosis.
1424794	Rubbed common wart on penis on accident. Washed with soap and water. Will I get Genital warts? I'm so scared	Different warts There are many different types of wart viruses - and each of them has their preferred living areas. Genital warts are caused by special wart viruses that attack that area - so I don't think you need to be seriously alarmed about what happened here. If you see a dermatologist, you can get rid of that common wart that's troubling you. There are good treatments out there for all kinds of warts.
